
What do you think Mike?

Oh very posh!
Barmow!
Bar plane!
Triggooms.
It's got a recipe here.
Chicken soup.
Pardon?
Erm three.
are n't they?
Oh that'll be plenty yeah.
Four or five.
Four or five large spuds, one large onion three carrots.
Can you get the pressure cooker out while you're in there please?
Er plain flour.
I think it might be fish stew again tomorrow.
Enough plain maybe he just tries it on and thinks if you do n't say anything he'll get away with it?
What else do I need?
Or do you think he's oblivious to it anyway.
Anyway he would n't I know what he said about working Saturdays but like, you used your car as well and it was n't just when you said that as well.
No when he says when about working extra he said through the morning or something.
did n't he?
Fro on a Saturday morning not.
all bloody day!
I'll tell him that he you wo n't be using your own car for work again!
And, you would n't mind but it was last minute that he rung up!
What a cheek he's got!
Yeah okay.
Yeah, I've put erm put the meat to boil first.
Ai n't got no batteries.
What am I getting, the spuds?
Oh I did n't tell you did I?
Before before you came home the white cat came back!
Yeah, well I'd been out to the bin and er, he was just sort of erm by the ground by the bin bags the wood round the corner and er then he was sort of coming and he was like dying to come and have a stroke but.
he was like being shy but he'd had all the side of his fur like shaved, and I thought urgh!
Maybe it's a it's been spade or something?
Or had an operation but there was no scare though!
Well it was it like a big square shaved right down to the skin but no unless, it could of healed and just not grown back yet.
I suppose.
Cos I do n't know whether I do n't know whether it's a she or he?
I call it a he but it could be a.
a girl.
Yeah.
He he had he came in I give him a saucer of milk.
Actually I was cos I I had the back door open and I thought I'll just leave it and if he wants to come in he can and I poured him a a bit of a drink of milk and er, then I went in the kit, in the bathroom and the door was still open and then suddenly I thought God I wonder where he was?
I looked through the window and there was no sign of him through the little back window, looked through this one, there was still sign so I thought God!
He ca n't have just disappeared like that, oh God what if he's gone upstairs and in the middle of the night.
I did!
I thought he might crawl out from under the bed!
And then I thought you'd shout at me.
You did.
Yeah.
But he ee mm.
No but this one must of just gone really quick, whether the wind frightened him cos it there was a lot, the fence was banging.
This looks red!
So do n't be surprised if the cat does jump out!
It does n't look very old though.
So I think that was the mother.
Remember when they had the sign in the window white kitten for sale?
I think that was the mother.
My mum says I've got ta put this in did n't she?
Put some salt in with it.
What for?
Mm!
Is he doing it himself?
Mm, it should n't be too hard to do should it?
Oh.
yeah!
It was quite a good one was n't it?
Do you think they'll be out tomorrow night?
Yeah.
I think three will be enough.
Everyone will be avoiding us like the plague if we take this there with us!
Yeah, I've put that er rug in tomorrow.
Er we'll buy them a couple of towels or something.
Or by itself it might be too it might be too big to have anything with it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Do it when we've done this.
Freshen it up.
Have you got the heater on in the bathroom?
Oh it's this I can hear I thought I could I thought I could hear something.
God there was like a ra, I was on the computer today and there was like weeee really ringing sort of noise erm, I thought it was just you know, when you're ears ring?
And I said can anybody hear that?
Cos it was very high pitched and er Rob said aye I can hear it as well!
Must of been on one of the other computers and er it went on for ages and it was you know it's was irritating more than anything!
A virus.
I dunno.
Anyway it stopped, I thought I'd gone deaf!
I'm not doing these cutting this into big chunks I'd rather have lots of bits in it.
No, I'm not doing them too small.
Well what do you call too small?
I'm doing them like that.
That's alright is n't it?
Ah what was Jan saying last night?
She said she had her This is Your Life on and the.
Who was the feller?
I turned it on while you were there then and I did n't know who the hell it was!
Oh!
Oh aye it's.
And who's, what's David McCallum been in?
Oh right yeah!
The one that was on Jonathan Ross a few weeks ago.
Well er, she said they had this This is Your Life on and Neil was in the room in the lounge like and he'd sort of been half watching it and then he said urgh mum!
He said he does n't look a bit like he in real life what he does in that film does he?
In the film.
She said, you silly little git, he said it's an actor taking the part of him in the film!
He thought you know it in the film it was him!
She says, good God!.
No, I just thought it would of made Jan's night like.
It was n't a very nice night anyway.
Er, see if it had been a bit more local it would n't.
have been so bad, I mean, I know it's not miles away but.
it was round you know as you go in say towards Ellesmere Port, well you know if you turn left by the.
no, by the Penguin.
and then keep going to that really big band of traffic lights and it's Sutton Way.
Ha have you been to Jan's?
You turn.
Yeah, on the old Chester Road.
turn right at the lights and er, then take the first left and there's a pub called The Bull.
No!
No!
And then it's the, it was the next pub down, I've been to The Bull with Jan before when we were on er you know, come home from Wigan or something when we were doing the counters.
It's like well it's all been done out but it was full of old croakers and you know an old man's sort of like the legion.
You know, we walked in there and you know how like when we're doing the counters I had jeans on and a big baggy jumper, we were the best dressed in there!
And the feller's eyes were popping out of their heads!
It's been the best bit of talent we've, they've seen for a long while!
I hope not.
I hate this job!
No!
I do n't want her beating it and then have to pick all fat off it!
Grill a meal that every morsel in it is full of meaty goodness!
Just like Winalot Prime!
Mm, tender bites mum!
I like that woman I think she's got style!
Oh dear me!
Tell you what would be a good idea.
Check to see if your steak's burning!
I'm gon na ring Nicola tomorrow have a Traggoon talk I think.
Meant to ring her today but I was.
too busy.
Cos I was ringing her.
I know but I was gon na try and catch her on her dinner or something.
No, but like she might have a minute while she's having her din, the they're really busy you know in there!
You would n't think it!
Yeah!
And, oh I did n't tell you this either that she was going for a promotion!
Sorry an audition thing she had, she has n't got they were very impressed but she has n't got it.
But she thought well it's been a good experience anyway and she tho felt that she'd played her pieces well erm.
Oh, I do n't know!
Er oh I'm jus I do n't know.
But erm they did let her know that she had n't got it instead of making her wait the four weeks or whatever it was.
supposed to be which I thought was good of them really cos you know, it's nice to know is n't it?
Well she was n't too bothered it's all experience is n't it?
But no, she's gone for this promotion in work and er even though she does n't think she's much chance of getting it because there's two permanent lads there that really you know would be next in line rather than her sort of thing but she's you know, she feels she's done her bit and that, you know, it's worth going for and like I said to her you might as well!
Nothing to lose.
Er, you know, she might get it.
But she's more organised than these lads you see, whatever the duties are you know, she's got hers up and running and whereas they're still a bit you know have n't got it going as well as she has.
So er I says well worth a go!
In for a penny in for a pound!
She were just telling me one of her friends that sh when she was in.
Erm well I have n't spoke to her have I?
She said it was alright.
Well what was mum saying erm.
No but she did say ah er the other day when we were up there she said ooh yes the very part of Kent she was at was where that.
Oh that's it, yeah!
That was a good saying the other day were n't it?
Built like a gypsy's dog!
All dick and bone!
What was that on?
!
I thought, now there's one!
Ah dear!
Yeah.
Be a nice quick tea then this for tomorrow wo n't it?
I'll try and ru, try up Langley in the morning, I'll get a do we need bread anyway?
Could do with one I suppose.
Yeah but I'll get a a crusty cob of.
french stick or something.
Be nice with it!
We have n't had it for ages have we?
Ah ha.
Is that hare or a rabbit?
Can pull it off this end?
There.
How can you tell?
Like your tongue!
Int chicken greasy and Oh you'll have to give Tosh and Liz a ring.
Wo n't we?
See how they're getting on.
Was he?
I was only thinking yesterday when I was getting the thingie licence erm it seems ages since we've had a one!
I know but like you sort of forget do n't you?
Sometimes they seem like they're just coming all the time do n't they?
What do you mean?
Mm.
Oh I.
Oh aye!
Yeah.
Yeah I see what you mean.
Yep.
Yeah, I see what you mean.
You can put this through to soak anyway, this plate.
Are you chucking this out?
We've only just had it!
Mm.
Nothing in the way of kitchens going begging, no?
Urgh, all the blood off that meat is making me feel sick!
You know on that murder squad.
when it said the bottles had stuck to the blood on the carpet?
Well no wonder!
I do n't, none I do n't think.
Why, is n't there any left in the cupboard?
You pest!
Let me just rinse my hands they're horrible!
Oh that looks fine to me.
Here's the onions.
Ah dear!
Well at least up up to the top of that rim thing whatever it is.
Where's the tea towel?
I keep topping it up, we'll have a oh if you you do n't want a cup of tea if you're having a beer.
That'll do.
No.
Who told me not to do it, put salt into the water then?
I'm being a good girl!
Well how much of this beer's left?
God!
Thought we might have Joanne and Paul round over the next couple of weeks or something before the wedding pre-wedding, it's only about six weeks you know till their wedding!
Right, that's cooking, we've got those there I've got and Oxo, I've got the flour and that vill do!
I vont, I vont, I vont a carrot!
If you're having a beer I'll some of my wine!
Said to Jan, she said er today, er today she had n't slept much last night I said God I'll bring you some of that wine back we got from France!
Eleven percent proof, I said so get some of that down you I said you'll sleep for a bloody week!
Mike's been off today, it's been good!
While the cat's away the mice will play!
On annual leave the rest right this wants to go in for quarter of an hour does n't it?
And how much does it say on there?
Oh it says thirty minutes on there.
Let it have a good bubble!
Do you think I should put that rug in?
Ah, I think I'll leave it till tomorrow.
Shove it in as soon I get in from work I think.
spill water where you gone.
Mine probably will be!
Pick my wine up.
Ah!
Ooh, do you know what Jan in work she's she had a phone call she goes oh right yeah, yeah!
She come off the phone and she said, bloody hell she said that one of the rare times I go to the trouble of making myself butties for dinner, cos usually she gets a pasty or something, and I get invited out for dinner, you this Viv er, a friend of hers, you know the one that was having trouble with all that drainage underneath the.
house and could n't claim off the house insurance?
Erm she was go, on her way to Churk or somewhere and said to Jan would you like to meet for lunch first?
She lives somewhere by the Port, but she just sort of done a detour to come and have lunch with Jan.
She does that now and again.
You know she's got a company car and that and sort of ri, scoots up and down.
Erm, so Jan had these butties, she said oh I made them lovingly last night, tuna, mayonnaise and onion and er she said trust Viv to ring today like when I'd made these butties!
So she said, will you have them?
I said ooh I said let me buy them off you?
No, she said you damn well have them and enjoy them!
So I said, ooh I feel guilty and all this, really rubbing it in and everything!
So I kept her one and they were absolutely lovely!
But the onion was so strong, although it was only chopped finely and er, Stevie went past and said God what crisps are you eating?
I said, I'm not eating crisps, he said God I can smell cheese and onion or something!
I said says it's these bloody butties!
So when they'd come back I said yes, I said you know when you made me butties for tomorrow again she said yeah?
I said do n't put so much onion on!
Bloody things are repeating on me!
She said, oh right!
I said do n't put so much onion on me the bloody things are repeating on me!
She said, oh shut up she said!
I suppose I should leave that on full really should n't I?
Unless it gets really riled!
Actually Jan was playing hockey for Buckley Ladies.
Yeah.
They've asked to play for them.
They play in kilts did you know!
Like, kilty type.
Yeah.
Look like a tart!
Yeah they are.
They're not proper tartan but they're sort of like that.
Yeah.
They're playing Mold Ladies, with a question mark by them cos I do n't there's a lady amongst them!
Right, those will do fine!
Just rinse that plate.
Yeah, it'll be alright.
I told Rob about that place er, I told the others you know about the the judge m'lord?
It does rather I mean there's howling!
He'd asked which paper it was in.
Fax it up m'lord Yes, it does rather does n't it?
No, fax it up sounds better.
Yeah.
Okay.
Will that be alright on four do you reckon?
Turn it down.
Well you can but I suppose it all the juices you know, have a better taste on than if you.
That.
Well there must be something on.
What time is it now?
Right, this is the choice, News and Weather followed by the.
The Train of Wars.
Repo.
Report on one of the most lucrative businesses around trainers.
Oh why the hell they've put Porridge on so late?
Did you se, the advert with er Ronnie Barker talking to that other feller and he says oh aye he says we were going through a really bad patch me and the wife who went to marriage guidance and Ronnie Barker says oh did it do you any good?
And he says oh it did her some good she ran off with him!
Have you seen it?
Oh and er Chris was saying erm that film Malcolm or whatever it was called.
it was an Australian film that.
and.
yeah, well I'd sa, I'm sure I've seen it before he's he goes and robs a bank with a remote control car does n't he?
With a gun on it and that.
Right, Porridge is on twenty to ten L A Law on Granada which I hate!
Red Dwarf.
Load of crap!
Oh I missed Countdown today!
Well I'll tell you what er, Liz Taylor was on, you know the Oprah Winfrey show that you hate?
Liz Taylor was on it and she has lost so much weight!
Honest to God she looked so much younger!
Have you seen a picture of her lately?
Yeah, honest to God she looked really nice!
And sort of, dead down to earth and everything and it showed you a clip out of National Velvet when she was twelve years old you know erm that with the horse in it and that?
And er, oh it was amazing!
It's a brilliant film that is!
With er, Mickey Rourke in it is n't it?
I think?
Is n't it Mickey Rourke?
Oh not Mickey Rourke!
Not Mickey Rourke, what's his name?
Something O'Rourke?
Not the young lad, was n't a little feller!
Mickey Rooney!
Mickey Rooney have you heard of him?
He's a little feller is n't he?
That's who I mean, not Mickey Rourke!
Who's Mickey Rourke?
What's he been in?
I know he's got like stubbly.
designer stubble type stuff.
Have a shave with a top still o still on a Bic razor, does n't take the orange top off!
Gosh, is n't that funny Andy Mooney and I was just talking about Mickey Rooney!
Will they be in the Port tomorrow?
It's not!
Oh yes it is!
Oh!
Just to get the full effect.
Oh I was gon na turn this off.
Shall I turn this off?
It's not going to tape any telly is it?
Not really.
No I thought she had.
Yeah?
Oh she's gone in the market.
Er, oh I do n't know I did n't ask her!
No.
Well that I've got that right, that's the black.
No, the attached ones that are n't.
I dunno, they're a bit funny, they're a bit do n't wan na talk!
No.
No.
Yeah.
The older ones is it?
What do you mean the one with the taxi?
No.
That one's almost boiled.
Would you like to stick the last one on?
Oh, nothing too them then?
Oh that in a spell of plastic glasses at the.
Oh!
Mm.
I wonder if the is still working?
He should pull his finger out and all!
It's not, the beer had n't gone off?
But then I suppose well it's one thirty five for Fosters is n't it?
They would n't, because it's only gone up a penny like, there's nothing to stop them putting it i, up two penny!
But, it'd be one thirty seven so what they'll probably do is.
just leave it.
and it'll go up to one forty the next day!
You know the, there's ways to one thirty five is a nice round figure is n't.
it?
Yeah, that's true.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Back door.
Oh no!
Well what do they taste like?
Mine was lovely!
Really girly now int she mum?
That Indian rug I had, I took down there.
Mike's.
Rodney seen anything of him?
Are you gon na tell them about the naked.
What chocolate?
I remember too!
about that.
Do n't she know?
Well you must of been gone mother.
Oh!
He'll you had he'll you have the working for him.
doing the chapel.
Go on tell him mother about the V sign!
Why he was the one?
What did she do with the?
Oh she was the one.
That's awful!
What do you want to do?
Are you sure?
Your back!
Oh yeah it's awful!
Oh I've left my drink!

Ooh!
He does, he said!
Bit of shock mam, that's stupid!
Yeah.
I, I do n't know him do I!
Let's go for another time shall we?
Well it does n't have any bearing on the story.
whether I got a.
vivid description of him or not does it?

What have they done to her?
Pardon?

She'll not first though, there's a load of them.
and she fell over.
Well I'm not that sure really.
But really.
Aye, listen here!
But nan says that er, the were, the was n't.
as good.
Nan said.
On the, on a Friday.
Said it was n't as good as when we and.
!
What are saying?
So?
You're talking of one now.
Ridiculous that is n't it?
Erm ma yes er.
that is er.
But DEF two was the DEF, you know that.
What?
Did what?
Well I did n't know about the DEF!
Who says?
Er on Friday Mike was talking to Rob Rob was at dad's so Mike was standing talking to them, but my ears still flapped.
and er, Mike said er, oh yeah, he tried to straight away at it, I'm interviewing this afternoon well that was it, my head was straight up!
We go two lads there with hardly any work on me and Jan are alright now we got a third person Graham has n't got much on and er Ri Richard's scraping round for work, so of course my ears pricked up like so I thought, Mike sensed that I'd looked up and he looked at me and er so I just looked back he said God, God had never invented a woman with small ears!
I said listen, I said if it's private I said you should be in the office!
So Rob's laughing and so so er I was going like that then you know a bit, you know, a bit er, exaggerated going.
like that with these.
So erm.
So anyway, I did n't even hear anymore what he said after that, after he said this like so I was messing about with Graham.
I was that shocked I could n't he myself!
I'm interviewing, the stupid swine!
They've got no idea what so ever!
So, anyway, I must have been downstairs doing something and I do n't ne sh sh I did n't know what time this interview feller was coming only, that I was downstairs and I heard Tracey say, oh what's his name then Mike?
Patrick, and I ca n't pronounce his surname!
So, I thought ah, so she was saying what's he like?
What's he like and, he's got ta go past me before he has, ee just messing about so he says I still did n't give it any more thought even though he had foreign surname and I thought, yeah did n't think of it.
So er da then the next thing I was back in the office so Mike come out would you mind making a drink?
Er, I'll have coffee and er so will Patrick, whatever he says I said, oh yeah so I said oh does he want sugar?
yes, three sugar, I said but do you want milk, does he want milk?
Yes, he wants milk.
So anyway, we started talking about him, they're doing a survey and er and suddenly it must of been a quarter of an hour later remember the the drinks, I have n't done any drinks!
So er I said right, quick does anybody else want a drink?
And I went down, and come back up with this tray of drinks and er Mike screaming, and I still had n't seen this feller I give the other drinks out, well when I went to take his in well he was as black as two o'clock in the morning was n't he?
Black as two o'clock in the morning!
So I said to Rob.
I said to Rob it's a good job he's coming in daylight or we'll!
Yeah!
He's on the nightshift.
So Rob said then er, something about it's a good job you did n't say how do you want your coffee black or white!
But er so what the hell position he's gon na be!
He really looked young though!
About Mike's age I would say.
Twenty six.
think he had as a bouncer or something.
I said he was quite young looking, about Mike's age!
No, I said he looked quite, about Mike's age!
But you know, he was built like.
with this big bum.
But you have to he looked real smart, you know?
And er, I walked, I said oh hello er, cos Mike had just gone, he'd gone and er, I said oh one coffee there for you, he said thanks very much it's most generous of you.
I take it.
know what they're playing at!
But erm.

Erm.
yeah but, I do n't think Mike's that er, I mean I di, but he does Manpower forecasts every year.
Er and he comes up with x equals y z and all the rest of it!
And we're still really.
The man's a complete nerd!
Never mind.
No.
Well that's what happened to.
Siobhan's dad!
It was, he's still paying it off now for his car!
Cos easily it was a co couple a day!
And quicker than someone.
Rehabilitation.
payed for his crimes and he was.
No.
They handled something something like a thousand pounds worth of cars that.
place where they they were like getting er ones that had been smashed up, and doing and they said that the people that are doing it are top people!
You know, they could get a really good job.
Like, like panel beaters and.
Legally.
Oh!
On the underneath or something.
And then it was saying about the ones where they take the front end of a car and joi, match it to the stolen.
one, like the one that.
He paid.
two and a half thousand for this Fiesta.
It's a bit late when you've bought it though!
They're not even the same car?
Yeah.
You would n't want one that had been in a smash anyway, it could.
be false.
Kirby's is the?
What happened in this smash up he was talking about?
No.
Was there, did you do Upper Parliament Street?
If you say it again I told you!
Lower Parliament Street maybe?
Was it?
I'll have a wine thanks?
Medium white wine.
Could I have some cheese and onion please?
you were going on about that.
you're bringing back that car.
Yeah.
Mm.
Mum.
Excuse me!
actually, but I said I was n't really interested, yeah.
I've seen it on the map, I know!
Er.

How did T V work go?
What is it?
Mm.
Playing about.
Oh!
Mm.
So how long were you layed in?
Were you in hospital for all.
that time?
Yes.
some people put the board under the mattress and dad had it on top!
I.
I think we've got a picture?
No, it was nearby there was n't it?
So.
It was near to er where Gigi was I think.
Yeah, could of been if there'd been any Romans in Italy.
I know.
Well it's not that much detail is it?
Ponsonshow.
Yeah I know.
Primaletta.
Oh dear!
Jan's mum won er midi hi-fi system!
In a raffle thing the other night.
Alan, Jan's friend was singing and so was her brother.
Yeah, I think he's got a good voice yeah.
No.
The White Swan in Ellesmere Port, she'd asked me.
to go.
You want, you know, so I definitely wanted to go, we were very.
welcome and, I was tempted to go, I mean Mike was n't all that bothered.
Yeah, Thursday nights and, it was n't that local, it's a horrible man anyway!
So er we did n't bother!
And er, she was saying!
Yeah!
Yes, I think so.
Yeah, he does a lot of charity work.
Yeah, good luck to them!
Anyway, they had a good time out.
And anyway, you'd come had n't you?
Not that we knew you were coming but.
it was Thursday night you'd come.
Mm.
May not be a very good make but.
Record.
Do n't have to have a C D on them.
to be a midi thingey.
I do n't know what it had on it.
Our Jan's getting fought over at the moment.
I do n't know.
No.
No, I do n't know what that.
connection is.
I thought she'd and just was n't telling me but anyway.
she did n't.
Yeah.
she had a bit of fling.
with this woman Sandra, she.
No.

Oh somebody with that parking on the drive.
Half that's the food shop.
Oh very few.
No, she met on Thursday.
for long.
she's older than Jan I think.
I am actually.
No.
and erm and she used to lived in, she does n't wan na come via it.
and I ca n't remember what, the last time we were seeing each other it.
all ended in tears, and I ca n't remember why.
But erm she did the dirty on Jan!
I do n't know.
But anyway I've and ten o'clock Jan was.
she has seen her, Sandra once in the club.
so her results.
And.
Yeah.
And Sandra has gone live with Jackie.


just bumped into each other.
by purpose.
and went to with her pal.
he was gon na thump her.

I think Jan wants to.
and she was like fighting!
running round to the.
when Sandra's mum got.
and so oh you really rocked the boat.
she said and, I did n't realise.

you know like, I love you.
Erm, she just knew.
she just bought it somewhere and er.
and er.
she said I've got my life sorted out, settled into my new home.
and er.
I wan na see you all this.
Can you meet me on Monday.

Oh well.
I think Jan.
All this.
Oh yeah.
Oh, I said well I do n't know.
she said er.
can we have wo, can I word.
Mr.
so I knew it'd be something like that.
she said.
No, so she told me that.
So erm.
Because she did n't want go she did n't know what hell.
to do and this Sandra was gon na ring in the afternoon, well she wanted to.
get her out.
it makes you laugh!
And she's got ta I've said to her, listen my opinion may be biased.
I do n't.
think I'm being.
much help, she says oh no, you are.
you are!
And I'd like to you to hear your side of.
things so erm, I knew it was something, anyway so she said all this, I said right well I said I'll tell you now I said you know I'm biased because.
I said I ca n't I do n't like so.
and erm she said, oh no I realise that.
I said, well the important thing is Jan if you are like this you obviously did n't like, there's no way I'm going to meet her you're obviously thinking it over I said so the first thing you've got ta do is turn up on Monday and meet her cos erm, then well you'll know.
And erm I said, you say to me things like you do n't wan na be alone by yourself.
and sometimes.
and er I said you've al also told me that Sue said there's no way she's going out with him on the at forty I said that's only two years away.
I said I do n't believe that!
but I mean to even think of it, you know, is not very nice!
Erm.
I said you know what she's been like with this young girl at college you thought.
there was something going on, whether or not there was, I do n't know I said she could n't in a couple of years time, she said I dunno, she says she's only twenty six.
said it would n't make any difference to her you know whether.
it was a relationship with a feller!
She might wan na go off and do her own thing so erm I said you just think on, I said, this woman has got her own house and everything, she's got.
no hassle like.
er like Sue's family.
Jan ca n't go round there.
now.
and she has to park down the road!
I do n't know what they're showing!
Two hairs past a freckle we used to say in work er, school!
Can I have a swine please?
Erm, I'll have two bags of crisps and a bag of nuts please?
No, thank you I'll have my supper when I get home.
Five loads of bacon butties.
So, I said this I said erm I said oh Jan says something all I'm I've known what Sandra can be like, you know erm you know well I was with her for three.
weeks.
Well, because she did the dirty on her in Lancaster, I ca n't remember what it was.
Oh!
Does n't matter.
It does n't have to be a nice shape it's just that so that if the nail polish does n't.
your nail or anything I suppose.
So anyway, she said oh yeah, so I know what Sandra can be like and I've been with her.
for three weeks!
And I said yes, I said you know what Sue can be like, you've been with her for twelve months and you're daft enough.
to still be there!
Because she you know, she comes in with.
all these sob sob stories and she's still with her!
So I said, you go and I said, do n't be as biased as I am I said do n't go there thinking oh there's no way you know she's I'm better off with Sue and all that because I said you do n't know I said you.
give her the benefit of the doubt and give her a fair chance.
She said yes she said.
you're right.
Yeah, she's meeting her up the Tavern.
In the dip at our by the.
traffic lights.
No, cos Sandra's got a little puppy she said oh I'd like you to come and see the cottage and er my puppy.
Do you wan na come and see some puppy!
I said to her, you know what I'm with animals.
and that, I said go to the Tavern I said does n't matter whether you see the cottage take the little puppy for a walk.
Said it'll have been in all day.
So er I mean I think she'd be more suited to somebody.
like that.
erm than this damn.
yeah.
No, do n't know about that.
What was that?
But I said just go and give her a fair chance and I.
said and er.
I said if yo if you think you know that you might be able to build a relationship I said then er you know, tell her so I said and do n't try and run the both of them at the same time I said.
or it will end tears!
As we were clearing up he said oh good God whatever did I see in her!
I said well only you'll know.
I said then all you have to do is tell her how much she hurt you the last time.
but that you have.
forgiven her but do n't.
bear any grudge against her, but you do n't want her.
her ringing you or, or doing anything and that's it, and then you've been straight with her, you're not.
stringing her along.
I said, but if there is any doubt in the back of your.
mind.
do you think that you.
could have a relationship with her.
I said then you've got ta make that claim.
and er.
you've got ta get rid of Sue, but I'd miss Linda!
And she would n't play.
And she would n't play in goal for us any more!
I said, listen!
I said in five years.
time when you're forty five.
er in seven years.
yeah.
when you're forty five.
And you are just completely.
miserable!
because you have n't got any one!
Yeah, but will it give you satisfaction to leave.
to leave instead of me?
Well at least it kept the hockey going so can and see clearer now.
So what are they gon na think?
I said, alright so they.
cos what she said is if she.
finishes this.
er game.
she wo n't play hockey for them so all the hockey girls.
will turn against.
her.
No, I said, and do you think, how.
long do you think they'll.
remember that?
Said, alright, I said the first week said the first week I said, then it'll.
all blow over and in fact.
none of even bothered at all.
I said, but if you're willing to sacrifice to keep all them lot happy I said and you'd call most.
of them black a lot of the time!
They're none of your.
I said and finding this out when you're by yourself.
it's not gon na give you any pleasure to say, oh well at least all the girls are alright.
I said you're gon na be by yourself I said, for God's sake start thinking of yourself!
Yeah, they are are n't they?
I said it's about time you started looking after yourself and not bothering about!
She's too nice you know, she's tries.
to be nice to everyone.
Yeah.
Not too bad.
She's on one of these inhaler.
things.
These little kids on them are n't they?
You know there must.
there must have always been asthma.
Must n't there?
There must have always been asthma whether it's.
whether it's got worse with amount of.
What like, little kids!
Dunno I'd say a fair.
Yeah like little James.
Mm.
No, but every whenever his chest goes he's.
straight to the doctors and that is n't he?
I suppose you would be would n't you?
erm.
but I'm sure's he's gon na be like that.
I'm sure it's because he's prone to that.
Was she?
Good God!
Good God!

Honestly, when I really really understood.
No, she got it.
she got it when she was doing her A levels did n't she?
You know at.
the a exams and that, that.
Well this thing on her hand.
Oh she did grow out of.
Erm.
That's like.
Did n't you ask?
I ca n't quite.
understand the.
Ah, I.
do n't think it's.
What's she on about, those little digital watches with the metal strip?
No, if it's something like that, if you take the irritation away then it.
it goes.
I do n't wan na.
lose that.
Cos I used to think it's this hand is n't it?
Where it, I used to think it might touch on this.
but it does n't because it's.
miles back.
You know yo.
Did she?
Oh, you told me.
that before!
Yeah,.
Ooh, that's so sick!
Does Nicola say hers itch her like that?
No.
Still sore.
Well, would you mind telling me.
And I've not.
Well surely it's the both of us?
I do n't think you'll ever really know.
Would you mind telling me what the connection is between eczema and asthma?
What's what is er something of the skin got to do with.
Yeah, but they're not really the same.
are they?
They say they're connected.
but I ca n't when Jan was saying, oh Jennie's got as er.
ex.
eczema very bad er, her legs are like corned beef all behind her knees and her legs.
and her elbows and erm all over her really she has this eczema, she's always having to change creams cos they.
get like er.
Your body gets used.
to one sort, and they'll never cure it Jan does n't think.
Yeah.
It's terrible it is!
And er.
Erm.
But like, so she's got that now that is n't, that's just like a somebody with a skin.
but I ca n't understand how they can say that asthma is in, really in the same strain because that's more like a breathing.
Oh.
Mm.
Ah yeah!
Oh, I never told mum and dad that I do n't think.
Tosh arranged for us to go and see his.
His daughter.
does horses, she seemed to be.
very good.
His boss.
Mark, the main man.
his daughter and.
Yeah.
And he took us to their house.
and you should see the house!
No, he's not that sort of main man is he?
Yeah but it's not, it's not his name it's not his name.
after, the the firm.
But anyway, this girl no, they're surname is n't anything, even similar to that!
Because they're name is!
It's something like that, it's.
Yeah,.
Because when he told me their name was I thought of a girl I used to know called Louise, but it is n't her.
but apparently she was you know really goo, you know like the.
They were loaded!
Basically, like but she was must of been such and such champion, I mean I did n't appreciate probably how good she was, sort of thing because I'm not in their show circuit but probably she was the you know, one of the top.
of her particular area.
But, I mean, even if erm she was saying about going down to Olympia and stuff, were n't she, or somewhere?
So she must of been good.
Yeah.
She had.
Yeah, it was erm you did n't have to go that far out but they ha they owned a bit of land and stuff.
did n't they?
Actually you went through er.
I do n't know whether you went.
up towards er Banks you know we u er.
all up there and past the village restaurant where.
where we went.
for.
Sunday Lunch, but it's closed down.
You went down there and through Banks and then turn.
to the right, I do n't quite know where.
But er, it was nice, the horses were lovely!
Cos I did n't really know what to expect when he said oh.
she's got horses.
I thought they were just gon na be a load of.
All the land did n't they?
No.
That house, it was a typical horsy place, rammy kitchen and loads of dogs jumping up at you.
Well was it antiques or something cos I did n't come in?
Well you know what a horses.
person's kitchen is like?
They're always the same.
No,.

Well I mean.
Oh no!
Well I suppose maybe they're not all the.
same, but they're the type, and you walk in and the the.
dogs fast asleep in the blanket that's just.
pricked with hair.
and it's just, I've seen it so often.
Erm.
but I dunno I was.
so she's finished riding.
and.
the girl?
Must have been about twenty one.
I do n't know.
Mm.
But er, you know like Tosh had n't,.
he had n't said that so, when they asked.
and the mum was saying things and that.
she goes, oh yeah!
Oh I hate it, when you have to ask.
Oh it was a!
It was worth going into.
You know, I mean, we just called upon them, I suppose.
she wanted to think that oh, this is this, this is that.
But inside it was just.
killing me in!
No, she's a very down to earth.
But she was saying this that and the other but I just felt like saying oh, listen I know more than you anyway!
Oh she was the big I am was n't she?
She was, the big I am aye.
What?
No erm.
she says twenty third.
by her dates, but the hospital said twenty ninth or something.
There's a bit.
Yeah, what was it again?
A little boy.
And I think she is gon na have a boy.
No, I sa.
I said.
that they're gon na have a little lad.
But it could talk did n't you say?

Aye, I'll tell you what bloody would n't surprise me!
Er, Kelly do n't go.
Kelly is n't, her name is n't.
Kelly.
Well.
Hugh.
But er, no she will have a lad.
No, she has n't been told by the hospital.

Mm.
Well maybe they do n't want him round.
I do n't know!
Mm.
Well I suppose she'd get away with it would n't she?
God, I'd take her!
Better than shoving him in a creche innit?
They sent her a lovely.
di di.
I was a bit annoyed I forgot I had n't put your name on.
I did n't know her surname.
I go, I had the lovely calligraphy pen and I put to Mr and Mrs, cos I always speak to Kevin, I know him.
and I've met him in the pub.
to Mr and Mrs K so, I had to put a note.
sorry I ca n't remember your surname and put to Glenys, on the si, I think it's.
I think it's something common, but I co.
could n't remember if it was,, or?
Here, I'll tell you what else, just saying, David and.
yeah, has moved to Chester.
but the other day I dreamt about Angela.
did you know the?
No, I've I I did think at one time whether to pass a note, bye!
Whether to the pass.
through him to her.
but erm unless she had said something, he never came back and said oh Angela says hello, if she had of done.
I might have you know, like I.
knew it was her birthday on Halloween cos it always stuck in my mind.
and I thought, shall I send a card, and I thought no, cos that many years have gone by.
so I've never done anything, but he's moved and he's been back and seen us.
He came in for a chat the other day and said, oh how you getting on?
Anyway, my my dream was, I walked into the photocopying room in work and who should be there, and you'll remember the other girl as well Angela getting paper out of the cupboard, and Elizabeth.
from.
now I have n't seen either of them since school.
and er Elizabeth, I just ca n't imagine that she's altered at all.
but, but she may have done.
And er, I was just talking to her and that's all I can remember.
But, you know.
when you think what you dream of, good God!
Bev's got this book of dre, mystic book of dreams or something it's called.
I have in work.
and it's the biggest load of rubbish you've ever seen but.
Yeah.
Oh, they have!
You know, and there's every.
it's all in alphabetical order, all different objects.
or whatever.
So like, we have a hell of a good laugh like, we go in and like, my dreams do n't usually dawn on me till around lunch, I always say quick, give us the book!
I dreamt about a black cat, a black cat left the room!
And it says, oh you are gon na do such.
I did dream about some kittens the other night, there was.
three white ones and a black one.
Yeah.
I can not.
With most of my.
dreams most of.
time well he had some fat of ham.
that I did n't I brought the rest for Laddy.
Erm.
Ooh, he was funny though, he was coming like that, and he's dying for a stroke.
Erm yeah, it's, it like it wants to be friendly.
but I do n't think they pay attention to it across there.
it's not used to people!
Yeah.

until you took your time.
Oh, it was doing tricks and it was so.
funny!
Yes.
I think it's about two.
No.
They were they had a a board in of white kitten, free to good home.
Erm.
I think it's the mother of whatever that was.
It was in last year or something.
Erm, but Mike thinks it may be that kitten.
But it's only about eighteen months or two is n't it?
And it was sort of.
rolling over to be tickled but before you could tickle it, it was flipping right over and then jumping up was n't it?

Yeah.
But it had all it's side.
well it's the other side has all been shaved off!
No.
I do n't think so.
All it's side had been shaved as if it had been an o had an operation.
I know, you can see the.
So I do n't know whether it's a ca, a a she cat and it's been spayed.

Like on it.
but on it's top and that.
Yeah.
And I said to him there's no scare but it's.
but the fur has n't grown back,.
it looks so ridiculous!
Yeah, we no well not floppy, it's about that long.
is n't it?
But er, I was giving this er I'd been giving it a stroke, and er it's sort of dying to be fussed, but I do n't think they give it any attention across there.
so, no.
But er, I sa so I said ooh, give it some of this fat off the ham and er it was getting it and then instead of eating it.
he were running by the shed to eat it!
Like, as if it was fri, you know, like I would think to myself, if I did n't know that, I do n't think they would mistreat it.
But you think it had had a good kicking or something, would n't you?
The way it's, but it's probably just not used to them.
So then, I'd have another piece and he'd trot off and he'd run again by the shed!
And the other morning.
oh, was it a morning?
Was it in the evening?
I think is was before.
we come to mum's.
And er, it was on the shed roof, on the apex like that and it just had it's front paws over like that so I quick, got the camera and through the back bedroom window erm, took a picture of it on the shed roof like that, it was just looking!
I nearly took a picture of him!
This is the, it's only the I've only fed it today er.
But it's been back loads o.
It's been a lot when you've been to Nora's.
you know.
When, he's gone to Nora's, I've seen it.
But.
if I'd have fed it the first time I'd have understood it, but I've only fed it today!
And it's already been.
a lot of times.
Yeah.
Oh,.
You never found that music, we've got a lovely song out of Willy Wonka.
And do n't you laugh!
It's that.
it was a cro, I tell you what, we were playing something tonight, I think it was the last thing before you stopped, and I kept thinking any minute now it's gon na be Somewhere Over the Rainbow.
Is it?
Yeah, and I kept thinking ooh.
that's nice!
And then I was this music's gon na come down.
And er, I heard you do er.
Killing Me Softly With his Song, which I.
love anyway!
But then it was this I thought any minute it's gon na be Somewhere over the Rainbow.
But it was n't, and then you kept sort of going into something else.
But, this one, that's close to me or whatever mum's saying there remi, was reminding me of that Der der der.
der der der.
der der der na na na na na.
na na na.
And you seeing what you're playing tonight, I thought I ca n't, but I heard the first thing der der der, but then it goes der der der.
der der, der der da.
But it did n't a, God, my dad's got the music to the one out of Willy Wonka!
It does n't half sound like it you know!
I nearly run downstairs and then it went into something else and mum said well, keep listening she said and erm it go.
it goes a bit faster does n't it, the next er er and a couple of bits after.
Da dee dum de dum de dum de dum da da.
And then I keep, what does that sound like then?
Da da da da da da da da on of those Donny Osmond's or something?
No it sounds like stri.
No it sounds like one you wo n't have heard of on that, the big old LP's that me and Nicola, Nicola for a birthday, that erm, school love he used to be er, oh I dunno what was his name?
Probably Leo Sayer.
School love school love, da da da da da da da da da.
But er, oh we should try and get that, I love it I do!
And I tell you what, what else was I wanting to say?
And I did n't think you had the mu you had the music but not the words.
Think it was to all of Over the Rainbow.
Dad agrees that that der der der da da da da da.
That does sound like that Willy Wonka.
the start of it.
Yeah!
You've had a go have n't you?
It's just that.
like I have n't got any more words I think.
I thought you have tried to play.
Willy Wonka?
No?
Yeah.
to try and er.
go to the video shop or something and see who play, who does it.
I will!
Oh yes that number!
or whatever.
That library you can get.
She was going.
promotion when she called.
can you just watch for that lovey cos you're talking.
Oh yeah I noticed.
that!
Oh!
Bye!
Bye!
Do you have to keep?
mm mm mm mm mm mm world of full imagination.

the dreams.
Better than this?
You know there's something else.
What made you say do you think it's better than this?
She's going to work tomorrow.
Yeah.
Mm.
She'll be shattered.

Have you seen them?
Mm.
No.
Mm.
No.
Mm.
Why have they taken her in now?
Mm.
Have you seen much of Beryl lately?
Do you see.
Beryl lately?
No?
Mm, ca n't get off once you're on can you?
It's queer that.
Well say our Michael was in.
Yeah.
Tosh and Les have just been on the phone to us up there have n't they?
James has been er talking down the footie yeah, yeah talking a load of bloody rubbish but he'll start speaking all of a sudden wo n't he?
Probably have all the bloody soaps taped and everything.
Mm.
Mm.

Why are they gon na have somebody watching?
They'll find somewhere else.
to dump it wo n't they?
They do n't know what, er you play, pay your bloody poll tax and you've still got ta pay.
to dump your rubbish!
Oh it was horrible!
Ugly bloody thing it was.
Mm.
Oh god.
God aye you've probably chucked away a fortune.
Yep.
No.
Saw the one with the duck on his back.
What have you done, put a spud in it?
Is that the one you put a spud in?
What damn sort of contraption's that?
Joanne's brought it?
Do you make a good door cos you do n't make a very good window, sit back.
What the one from from the hairdressers?
She comes out to you now does she?
Mm.
Mm soon be here the wedding wo n't it?
Only be about seven weeks something like that.
Six or seven weeks.
An old stained one or something.
That's like Barbara and Graham's.
Big Victorian stained door type.
Mm.
They try it on all ways do n't they?
But did n't he make her different?
Mm.
Ah no!
He's lovely.
Ah.
It's full innit?
What, for a walk?
Mm.
It was nice aye.


Whereby is it?
Twelve they want.
Mm.
Do n't think there's much chance of that.
I do n't understand, it says Spillers is on the look out for Britain's twelve most appealing dogs to appear on the Prime calendar nineteen ninety three.
Then a bit lower down it says eight semi finalists will be selected for a final judging in April.
Mm.
Oh, so th and then Prime themselves will get the others, it's just they want one.
Oh right.
Mm.
We'll have to go.
Yeah.
Ooh, go and watch Maigret.
Ooh.
Right.
Come on.
Oh take it tomorrow, wo n't be washing.
Got stuff to dry there now.
Yeah.
Take a few days to dry, but they dry eventually.
Right bolt this door after us.
Ta ra Norah see you tomorrow.
Is n't it horrible?
Mm.
I'm getting.
innit?
I bet she'll bloody wait up for Susan to ring.
Yeah.
She'll wait up.
Sure as eggs is eggs.
As long as she does n't bloody ring us to say oh Susan's just rung.
I'll clonk her if she does.
You know what she's like.
Ooh it's quiet innit?
Must be cos it's so horrible.
Did you say you were working with Roy tomorrow?
Yeah?
Will you be home any earlier than you have been?
I think.
Eh?
Oh god I ca n't stop yawning.
Pop the lock on.
I can take these if you bring the grey bag.
Sally's off tomorrow and Tuesday as well.
If you need a larger one that that.
I've got a.
template.
Yeah.
Busy man.

Er where were we?
Where were we?
Mm.
Ah that's what I was saying what.
detail on roundabouts.
Yeah that was roundabout.
That was a six arm.
Yeah that was a.
five.
Hello Charlie.
We did, yeah, we did the here.
That was a five arm.
Well these down here about fifteen or sixteen.
the motorways were four arm.
The full turn in count.
Yeah.
Right.
You need one t to where, where were, where we talking about now?
St David.
See you're gon na get some busier than others.
If they were all as busy as each other you've got ta have one doing ins and one doing outs.
But on quiet roads, one person can do ins and outs.
On the Queensferry bypass, on the interchange there it was five hours.
Yeah.
So you can obviously that's gon na just be one person.
One person could do a two way on a quiet arm but the others are gon na need one person to do ins, one person to do outs.
And one person at each arm doing a sample.
No, just in the peak hours they're sampling.
I do n't know.
I mean Jan did those.
I think it was just peak hours.
Yeah, I mean if it was peaks only I mean there's nothing to stop me doing it.
Yeah.
You use the.
In the off, in the off peak they rotate the staff and.
Mm maybe not.
Mhm.
It's not realistic.
You have to do if you're doing that you have to have all the ins and outs plus a circulation flow.
And I've never done one like that.
We've always you know, found a way round it.
Yeah well we, for Queensferry we just had three classes.
Motorbikes, cars, light goods H G V including two three and four axle and buses for the, for the whole count, now for the samples Rob did n't even want it classified.
It was just a vehicle regardless of what it was.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Mhm.
A half.
A four.
We did have we worked a six team but it's not as easy to work out.
Yeah.
Two.
Yeah.
Two.
Oh what are you on about now?
When th there's a half team?
Right yeah.
If there's a half team one people, one person counting one on a break and two interviewing.
And they have a break every three hours.
No I'd want two people.
Oh what are you on about now?
On this this quieter roa oh right.
Er yeah one person would be alright.
Mm.
We only had half a team there.
Okay.
Yeah.
See the, so say if we, like you just said, we need thirteen people.
but there's only gon na be two days.
If we've got two roundabouts there's only gon na be two days when we need that thirteen people.
So when we're.
There's that other roundabout is n't there?
You know where the horses were in the field?
That was a four armed roundabout.
Just down from.
the station house place where we parked.
So you think we could get away with treating that as a crossroads and have people.
doing that?
Well we could have a person counting and not only are they counting what's coming out of their junction, but they could do left, straight on or right.
Treat it as a crossroads perhaps.
it was n't busy when we were there was it?
No.
Okay I'll take four people.
And the visibility was good and everything.
your pudding?
It's good.
We both just said that it ne you'd never think that you sound right on tape.
I always think I sound high pitched.
sounds all like bloody what she does say.
Nearly did n't recognize you there Jimbo.
No, sorry another Jim.
Jim with a suit on.
Must be going to a funeral.
I've just seen yeah he must have an interview.
Oh god.
You'll never guess who was in the pub yesterday.
Mm.
Mm.
I just heard you, heard you twang twanging your ruler.
Doing.
Twanging.
Did you, did anybody see that film about erm st the stolen cars?
The other night, what?
Friday night.
Erm I dunno, it was one of these er documentary type things and it was just like all organized crime, they were just erm.
saying of all, all the things that they get up to you know, cutting using a stolen car.
or a write off car and joining them and welding them.
down the middle.
Cos that's what happened to Brian, you know when Brian had his Orion nicked? got stopped in.
Little Sutton cars.
And then, it's taking him ages to get.
Yeah.
But er the things that they were doing were just unbelievable.
Erm you know to get the chassis numbers and that.
buying old say a scrapped a written off Sierra you know, picking them up cheap for about a thousand quid from the scrappy.
and then getting all the the chassis numbers and that and welding them on to these stolen cars and Because what, you know, er Siobhan's dad had a, bought a Montego and I do n't know how it came about but they discovered that erm it had a diff I mean it's had a Maestro engine in it and it had this that and the other.
And er they had to repossess it and he was paying.
And I do n't know how, what's happened about it now but at the time he was still having to pay for it.
even though they'd taken the car.
there was a woman there that erm the police do this service thing where they'll look a car over for you, if you bought a car that you know has been er in an accident and it's been.
they will have a look at it over and check it over.
And there was a woman on it, she had a really nice Orion, a J reg.
Anyway when they had a good look at it the front half was an Escort and the back half was an Orion, half a stolen car.
You know they had n't even matched the same bloody type of car.
Well there is n't and I I said to Mike what did it look like, you know?
He said it was nice.
But when they're doing these welding jobs they have n't got them on those things so as they're doing it like it's all moving and.
it was just a complete bodge.
Yeah.
Well it was that erm one in Manchester, that crash you know there was three people killed in the middle of Manchester was n't there?
Erm and the car just broke up in half and that was, that had been er welded but like the police are saying as well as soon as they sort of get wise to what they're doing and they find a way to er you know, get on to them, they devised something else.
And the people doing it in these garages erm, you know like respraying and doing all the welding and everything, really he said some of the things they were doing if they did it legally they'd make a good go of it.
they were that good at what they were doing.
It's an advert for Malcolm.
A yellow car.
It's an advert for that film called Malcolm.
about the.
retarded lad that invented all these strange and he did bank robberies with a remote control car.
It was an advert, it was n't.
Oh you did.
Straight after er the advert for Del-boy when he says and you know what you can do with that.

Trainers?
Oh, oh yeah.
There was a programme on about trailers the other night as well.
Have you seen the, the advert for these trainers with no laces, you just tighten the thing up.
Mm.
I wonder how much they're gon na be a pair?
Yeah.
Something like that.
I thought it was a built in egg timer or something.
Yeah.
Oh at least.
Not at this time of the day, no.
Exactly.
Where did he go?
Watch you do n't er swallow that the wrong way.

For their telephone number I've just put a question mark and I've put a note here to say I was internally transferred.
S sounds like I've had an operation does n't it?
I'm being internally transferred.
Yeah.
Oh I told you did n't I that er the fellow with the Portakabins that does work for the B B C, he had the Portakabin and then your tables are two pound each, and your chairs range from fifty pence to one pound fifty.
I think the ones that are fifty pence are those blue and white striped ones off the prom at Prestatyn.
job lot.
And er he did n't say how much the toilet was but that'll probably be separate.
You know, it's a separate thing so there must be a separate price, it would cost a bloody fortune.
And the visibility did n't seem very good out of them.
But the smallest one, the twelve foot ones, there's only one window.
The door's in the back end.
Erm so I presume that was the opposite end to where the tow bar would be.
and then just one window in it.
Maybe just down the length of one side.
Yeah.
No I think it was down the side I think he said.
But I I think that'll be too expensive anyway.
And that's why Mr said he he'd er.
And we know where we are then with the toilet.
You know, you know what you're getting do n't you?
Mm.
I'll have to er give her a ring to and tell them to send me the advert.
Tell them to buy.
I do n't know.
Today.
No.
Did n't we tell you that?
To have it in er Daily Post, The Post is the morning one The Echo's the evening to have it in for one day in The Post and The Echo, how much?
Three hundred and ninety six pound sixty four pence.
Er about a hundred words in a box.
Two columns wide and erm eight centimetres down.
We reckoned that was about quarter of a page.
But see the reason I have to send this to Liverpool for them to put it in.
cos it has to go through our advertising agents.
Cos we advertise in a special format do n't we?
We have the dash lines round the box.
and we have the logo on the bottom and that.
So they've had to do it so I mean she quoted me.
thirty six quid for this thirty six eighty four or something for the local paper.
But erm you know it might be more but that's.
nothing to do with me.
But I mean like I did n't think it was worth putting it in The Post to start off with anyway.
But if we do n't get a good response to this I might stick it in for the day in The Post.
No I've put our address.
I said that I did n't like that idea to start off with.
because although it's only a small concern she's gon na have her own stuff to do.
Yeah and plus the fact I said to Mike it's all very well saying send stuff there, she can open it she'd be no wiser whether they sound any good or not.
So I said no I said, well I've put the phone number as well and I said it might as well, stuff might as well come straight here.
So I'll give her a ring later in the week or something and I'll see if they'll send me the send me the.
Policing do you the drop the E, or do you leave the E in?
Erm I'd have thought you dropped it.
What shall I say cos it's it's not a very.
If you drop the E it looks like policing does n't it?
yeah, I think maybe you keep it in.
It's not a very nice word is it?
Well I'm just coming to ask you that.
Staffing.
Double F.
I have n't got any just at the moment.
Er Sergeant will be.
Sergeant.
erm very pleased to help us.
As soon as we've got the layouts he'd like to meet us and go out to site.
He seems very keen to help us do this.
He's.
He said on the blower.
Well he is.
He says he will do it himself.
And I said they will require cover for their breaks he fell down on that one, he does n't think those two days.
He said oh yes, yes they could have a sandwich.
He seems very.
Mm that does n't.
any records of, we had this discussion I have er any rec any, every telephone call I make.
But that's because.
Well that's right.
I mean it's a case, and then you end up saying yes and you do n't need to record every telephone call.
Well I mean she could.
Yeah and the alternative you know Mi Mike's made calls in the past.
That's always been very important and that should be the letter so that should be on on the, on the.
Brilliant.
Right.
Let's see where we're going.
Okay, just to put you in the picture where.
I've had several telephone calls well I've made them as well.
The advert has gone in.
I've done all enquiries about putting the advert in for the temps.
It went to Liverpool on Friday and they were gon na do their best to get it done and.
I think I told Liverpool that if it gets to erm Caernarvon to the Caernarvon office by today it will appear in this week's issue.
No, I could n't get that off her.
Well I asked the girl and the she, we sort of sidetracked and when I come off the phone I realized that she had n't said.
I think it's.
Thursday or something like that.
This is true.
Yep.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, well no we have n't so we could probably do with doing.
that and then, you know like if I get inundated I can let Jim do some.
Yeah.
Maybe Jim and I could.
do that this avo.
Right.
Yeah if we.
It was your company that I did n't want to swear in front of.
not the tape actually.
No if we er do something so as they have a checklist and we can all, you know like me and Jim say, have a copy to say oh right, can we take your name and address, telephone number.
And if you've got a pad of them or or, or some by you you can just fill it in and let it go through.
Yeah that'd be a good idea.
Yeah.
Okay I'll buy that.
Yeah.
Oh sorry!
Yeah okay.
Erm and that also makes sure, if you've got it all in front of you, erm that ensures that you're getting all the information that you need rather than thinking oh hang on, what else do I need sort of thing.
Yep.
Yeah.
Erm like I think we all sort of ruled out er.
Because of the size, no.
Er just out of interest I did ring the other day.
Er the the room, the smallest room they have is for twenty five to thirty people.
which I mean even that may be too big for what we want.
Erm in any case that is in use every week on a Monday and a Wednesday.
So already you're only talking.
No.
Something goes on in that room on a Monday and a Wednesday.
That's the, I've got it in the file, a small conference room or something like that, or the committee room or something it's called.
No that was n't an that was n't an option.
There was this one for twenty five to thirty people and then there was another one for say forty or fifty and then it zoomed up to like a hundred.
And even if we were to use this.
small room, you could n't leave anything on the walls so it would all be a come down at night, back up in the morning.
Erm no.
I mean I've probably seen it.
but I ca n't remember.
Yeah it was this small, I.
think it was this I thought it was the small.
Well you're talking now.
Do you want me to get it?
Yes.
Yeah.
Fortnight at the most.
Cos you've got to allow for like they might not have done it before.
Erm but you're talking fifty eight pound a day.
for that small room which I think's a bit steep personally.
It's er.
It crossed my mind.
The Oak's room up to a hundred and twenty.
Fifty eight pound a day.
Yeah.
There's I mean so many of them have caught on.
Jan for example, when we had the the town hall thing, that was five pound a day.
It's twenty five pound a day now.
I think they've just all jumped on the bandwagon.
Well no, that's it.
So as soon as she said that it was in use Monday Wednesday I sort of.
subconsciously ruled it out.
Yeah?
Where's this sorry?
Mm.
Mm.
Yeah.
Mm okay.
Okay.
No I would have thought.
That pub would be alright would n't it?
Okay, or.

Yeah.
It's not erm it's no good just saying oh we can have three days out of the week anyway.
You know, it's got ta be Monday to Friday or none at all has n't it?
Mm.
Okay so they're a few options to try as regards the coding.
Yeah.
I think we, we should find somewhere.
Really.
Erm so that's a few options as regards the coding.
Now.
The interviewing and the briefing session I think we'll probably get away with in Debbie's.
Well it's not a sort of formal interview.
That's right.
Yeah.
Well I think it's slightly more.
Yeah.
Thanks.
Yeah you're talking about a dozen people, something like that are n't you?
I mean for that er.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's, I ca n't see that being a problem, that should be okay.
Yeah.
Well Mike comes out.
Mike shows his face does n't he?
Well he did for the Wigan one.
Yeah.
That was okay was n't it?
Yeah.
We had a hell of a lot of staff though did n't we?
That was a, we did that in the conference room downstairs.
And anyway.
Yes.
Yeah I've had er.
That's right, yeah.
Now as regards signs I've spoke to numerous, oh school holidays I've got erm.
when the schools are off.
I spoke to the Education Department on Friday.
Erm as regards a caravan I spoke to this bloke Frank.
No he's gone bust.
Well he has n't gone bust but they do n't hire them any more.
but I did try him.
Er no Gwyllam at Gwyneth County Council.
erm he did n't think they had any bilingual signs and they did n't have they were n't using their Portakabins so they scrapped them all last year sold them off.
But he did give me somebody to ring about caravans.
but then later on in the day he rung back and said he had found some bilingual signs but all he's got were about four foot square er with census point ahead.
He has n't got things like stop census.
Stop if required or slow census point which is the ones we use.
Yeah.
Bilingual?
No.
And the other thing er if they they just have n't got anything like that.
They use sort of blank.
There's a letter in the file.
about erm why we did n't use bilingual staff for one of the particular dates.
Erm it come from the county surveyor, apparently he'd had complaints.
But I mean it was purely a re a recruiting problem.
Er you know erm the letter, the reply went back from Dave saying that every you know, possible thing was done to get bilingual staff but at the end of the day you know they could n't come up with the goods.
I mean the lengths they went to advertising, I hope we're gon na have more luck now.
They had temping agencies, job centres, local papers the job centre only came up with about two people.
So I'm touching wood that we're gon na be in a different situation.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
See how the response goes with this and then.
Er Gwyllam.
Erm.
Er no.
I spoke I just rung up erm it was Highways and Transportation and.
I asked to speak to somebody in the Highways in the Transportation.
This was at Bangor and then I got another number and then I got told that they now have the direct organisation.
so then I rung this person here and spoke to a Steven.
who was the head from the civi civil engineering division.
Steven put me through to this Gwyllam.
who is in the, the depot place.
And that's how I got on to him.
No.
No.
So this fella was, he come up, he found these signs and said, you know, did n't know if they would be, be any good.
Erm but he'd given me this number, Glen about Portakabins.
Er he's at.
And I rung this Glen er wherever that is erm and he does have these Portakabin things.
Er several measurements.
Yeah, they're like they've got a big fleet of them.
Erm.
Yeah, rather than caravans.
Now I do n't think they sound very to suit our needs.
Well that's it.
And there's all separate, two pound a table from fifty pence to one pound fifty for a chair.
There's no toilet in them.
Er minimum of four weeks.
Well they would move them round this fella himself, but it's gon na be a hell of a lot of money to get them to do that.
Plus there's no toilet.
But he has a separate toilet.
Well that's all gon na be extra as well.
And erm.
Well you're talking.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah well I've spoke to David.
He's quite willing to take the caravan out there.
Erm and then you've got the toilet on there.
You know what you're getting because we've had it before.
So then I got back on to Gwyllam and said that if we provided our own caravan, would you someone there be willing to do the from site to site and he said that would n't be a problem.
But he does n't know any details.
Er you know I mean just like we do n't.
We do n't know dates or anything yet do we?
So I think we've developed in that direction that I can go ahead as soon as I've got some dates and book it properly with Mr.
And just let these do the transporting because this this fella honest to god he was doing me head in.
Erm saying oh one left, we've got a contract with the B B C you know, is n't it.
Oh and if he said it once well he said it half a dozen times trying to impress me.
So let's stick to Mr.
We know where we are with him.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And you're saying to also mention to me if he's got.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah slow census and whatever.
Yeah.
Yeah like.
you see yellow ones do n't you?
On the motorway and stuff.
they have survey on.
Yeah.
yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, I see what you mean.
We might be able to get round it.
I'll see what this fella says.
Well I mean I was saying to this bloke well can you think of anywhere where we might be able to, oh no no no ca n't think of anywhere.
Oh it might be worth giving Nige a ring.
Oh yeah.
Who do we know at Clwyd?
Who?
Never heard of him.
He's Brian's brother is he?
Okay so let's just go.
Er right, just going back to the actual er roadside interview, is that one on the the B road, or is it the A?
That's the one.
Er I was only going to propose to use four staff on that.
Okay.
Okay so then.
Yes.
And the other thing.
oh we've put in a making the interview forms, just having the Welsh translation on the top.
I was explaining to Jim how we could do that and it looked pretty straightforward so or, or not.
It's.
That we used last time?
Yeah but they're like four interviews on a sheet and really sort of.

Yeah.
Yeah.
I think you could, you could accommodate it if you just reduced that sli the, what the normal one slightly, and there's t there's room to put the er translation on the top.
I'll do you a mock up of that and see what you.
what you think.
Yeah, might be.
Yeah.
What.
I'm just trying to think what we were averaging.
But I mean that one of them's not gon na you're not gon na get as many on that B road.
Will we will we want those?
Oh I ca n't remember you know what we used for Ormskirk.
Well that's it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well so you think actually send something through to reprographics for them to do in Liverpool?
No.
Probably two of those boxes would do would n't it?
Yeah.
And like you say if there's some left they wo n't go to waste anyway.
Yeah.
Cos we hold the original to that.
To the interview.
Yeah.
We've probably, I mean we, we hold the original on an A three so it might be worthwhile doing a copy of it.
Doctoring it.
to insert the Welsh because John will have to send the original off for.
And then we can have the base copy of each then could n't we?
I'll, I'll dig it out after.
Right, is there anything else?
So, yeah there is.
Erm things like whether I'm using my car and stuff I suppose I need to speak to Mike about?
Right.
Erm.
erm statutory undertakers?
Bus companies.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah it is.
Right so who did you say in Colwyn Bay?
What what.
Yeah.
Yeah we'll do this.
general letter to the police saying that we're intending to do these surveys, just putting them in the picture and put a note in that erm once, you know, dates and whatever, you know, we'll give you further details as and when we know.
Oh okay.
Yeah.
Yeah maps and things.
So are you leaving the ball in my court on that?
On the statutory undertakers.
Cos I can probably get some information out of here.
Yeah.
I mean that's a.
standard thing that goes to all of them.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah but that's got specific things on.
Yeah well all we did for Ormskirk was, it was just an O S map and we just drew a bloody great circle round it.
and said this is the study area.
Yeah.
And blow up.
an O S and just well within our sites and everything.
No.
Yes.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
No that's alright.
Well there is up to a point because you know how bad they are at responding.
Yes.
Oh that's okay I'll get all them off.
I'll do a, I'll do a draft letter this afternoon, you can have a look at it, erm we'll knock a plan up and her get the addresses and then that's it's easy then innit?
Oh sshh.
I suddenly thought that on the advert that's gone in.
On the advert that's gone in I did wonder whether to put please respond by such and such a date?
You do n't think it's necessary?
Yeah.
Okay.
That's all we did for the statutory undertakers.
Dead simple.
Just drew them a whacking great circle round it and.
Okay?
So something similar.
So I'll speak to Dennis for er addresses.
A phone number as well yeah.
I think most people ring.
You know cos it.
wastes so much time.
Yeah.
But we'll just have a word with Anna-Lee and if, I think you know, she'll say what's it concerning and if I'm not there well she can put them through to you.
Erm so you say, are we saying that we're gon na leave the police till we've got some dates?
And the.
Do we?
Yeah.
Well we wan na know whether we were gon na try and do them all in that week?
Twenty seventh of April.
Monday Tuesday Thursday.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Right.
Well that's it.
And all you're doing is warning them that they will, the things will be there and we'll make sure that if a emergency vehicle comes along erm.
No I do n't know whether we do give them, even the precise dates.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well I did n't.
No.
No.
No.
I, I just said to him, when he said we've got these census point ahead I said well we've got certain restrictions, you know, we've certain rules and regulations we've got ta comply with I mean I did n't reel off any of this blah.
But I said oh, are you familiar with setting up roadside interviews and for this type of thing?
Oh yes, we've got such and such a fella out there that does nothing but that out all day long.
And yet they did n't have any signs so I think he's talking through his hat.
But what he probably means is that they set up signs for.
you know, roadworks and stuff.
So I mean I would have thought they've got ta comply with the same.
the same sort of things.
Yeah.
There's this chair here.
Jonathan's not here.
No, the, the layout plans, do, do some layout plans.
Yep.
Yeah.
Now, have I given either of you task schedules for this.
No.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah, the only other thing like when you were saying about site layouts, if there's any maps that we need, and that's including maps for coding, wall maps, you know, large scale.
Yeah.
Right, so me and Jim had a chat the other day just looking at the the roadside entries and the counts and I was sort of saying if we work on the basis that we want between ten and twelve people, twelve people maximum.
erm I think we're be able to do all the counts with that number of people including the St David's roundabout and.
but we do need to clarify exactly what you want on that.
Whether you want samples doing cos that's gon na take more people, or whether you're just doing ins and outs and stuff like that.
And on the other roundabout for that matter.
Mm.
What was Paul saying about the wedding then?
And has he invited Joan to the day do and that?
Well for what they see I can understand him asking Joan and Graham erm maybe they've got ta watch how much they're.
Shut up.
The cat?
Oh I'm shattered.
Yeah.
Well to be honest I can understand why he's not asking them.
You know they'll make up with friends you know, what family they're not asking wo n't they?
No it's not as if you're all close is it?
And I mean we have n't seen them since ours hardly have we?
Watch this fool.
Oh I had a really good day today.
I did n't go till about half ten ah no cos I had a few letters and stuff to write first and I thought right I'll just take me time and, cos I wanted to I did n't wan na go faster than you know than I should, I should have done sort of thing cos I wanted to time it properly.
Erm it took me an hour and a quarter.
And it's exactly sixty miles into the middle of Caernarvon.
So I.
Well no but that's where I had to go.
See you can allow a few extra miles for getting.
to the others.
Well I do n't think so because that, I mean there wo n't be any traffic hardly.
when I'm going so I'll just allow the same.
And then I should do it in an hour.
You know I'll be leaving at about half five.
No, not b about quarter past five I'll be leaving, five to quarter past.
That's allowing a a good hour and a quarter.
But it's not gon na take me longer at that time of the morning than it has done today at eleven o'clock or so is it?
Coming home it took me a bit longer cos it was all that delay at the hill.
Yeah oh it's pathetic.
Oh no the rest of it, it's not too bad, it's not a bad journey, it's quite pleasant really.
So I went straight to the county offices and saw the rooms you know where we're going to.
be doing the coding.
Dead smart.
I was really into that.
Erm I'm not gon na put them on the walls.
They've got you know like these big boards, free standing boards.
they have.
Yeah.
Gon na have some of them there's three I think and they're really long ones.
Er so I'm gon na have them but she showed me the small room, what they call the small room, well that was huge well it will be perfect for what we want.
Really plush, you know all the carpets.
and everything?
Erm and then she said oh and this is the other one and it was like all er it was bigger again obviously, and all the tables in a square.
Yeah but each seat ooh excuse me each seat had a microphone built into the desk.
But I thought that'd be more of a hindrance than a help.
for what we were doing so when I got back to the office I rung and I tempor well provisionally booked this, the smallest of the two which I think will be brill.
So.
Well that one you have to ring the head office in Bangor, I had to ring her when I got back.
They only er showed me the rooms, they do the bookings and I just said.
Yeah.
They have all like them chambers there as well you know?
But I just said that it was for the Welsh Office cos I thought if er they knew it was for a Authority you know?
I said do you, do you think there'd be any discount er with it being a block booking?
And she did n't say no full stop, she said oh she said I'm not sure she said, I'd have to enquire about that.
So I just thought she's gon na yeah if it was out of the question she could have said oh no that's it, there's a flat rate so I.
think she's gon na ask.
No.
No, I said well I said that I'd appreciate it cos it's worth a go and she said oh yes I agree with you there.
Not any of these.
So that was good.
Ooh I ca n't stop yawning.
So then I thought oh I'll go and find er the offices again, Church Street.
And we'd gone a roundabout way the last time we were there and I thought oh I'll give it a go, anyway I walked straight down this road, have a look oh yes, turn up here anyway I, I sort of got me bearings and I thought oh yes it's just down here he's in the field just down there.
Go straight to nan's, call on the way back.
If it is n't too late.
Could n't see him.
Erm so I went straight to this place and there was a fella downstairs, his secretary was erm out on her lunch.
Anyway I said oh I said you're not expecting me, said who I was and where I was from.
I said I called in to see either Michael or the secretary, Mirelda her name is.
And er so he said alright.
I said I'm also gon na be che cheeky and see if I can use your toi he said oh yes he said, go and help yourself he said there's a kettle down there, make yourself a drink, make yourself at home.
So anyway I thought I wo n't have a drink cos if this secretary was n't there I did n't know how long she'd be so er but I di I went upstairs to where we had the meeting with Mike the other week.
And erm Joe his partner was there so I had a really good chat to him.
No there's just them in the office.
They've merged with us now.
Erm so I had a chat to him.
He drew me a little plan of how to get to W H Smiths and that.
Maps.
So I had a walk up the town and called in Tesco's and got a bit of shopping.
Got some teabags.
Yeah.
Not really.
On a Saturday yeah.
So I went to Smiths, got this map.
But I do n't think I'll need it.
It's just a one to twenty five thousand, a Pathfinder.
Cos I picked up the Chester to Wrexham one instead of the Snowdonia one.
Caernarvon's on the Snowdonia map.
An O S one to fifty thousand and that's what I thought I'd picked up this morning to take with me but when I looked it was Chester and Wrexham so it did n't do me much good.
So I thought oh well I'll buy this other one and.
Yes.
Three pound ninety something chicken butties and bag of crisps and that, it was nice.
Cos I'd parked on the top of this multi-storey car park at the offices, is it called?
Erm I parked on the top.
So it was n't all dark and that.
cos I wanted to be looking at me plans.
And I ate me butty there on top.
It was, yeah it was horrible.
So then I just had a drive round all the sites.
Yeah.
I know where I'm going now with er all of them.
You know and getting to them, I know how to get from one to the other without going, you know?
I've got a good idea of where everywhere is.
So I was quite pleased.
When I got back ooh you know I told you about that job?
We've put a bid in for Arrow Park.
Rob thinks we've got it.
Well Rob's doing them is n't he?
Oh they have had to drop their prices.
They've had to go for the we did them a few sort of quotes on the survey side of this Arrow Park and er we've got ta, you know, really stick to this tight budget because it's the only way you can get them no matter what people are telling you erm about the recession being over, people still want things for nothing.
So this survey might have to be done at the beginning of April.
But it's not a big one so.
Starting the twenty seventh of April.
Yeah.
So I shall be enjoying myself at the wedding.
ready for my hard slog.
Eh?
I know.
Er yeah so we'll have this thing at Arrow Park to do.
He's hoping to do that.
We'll looking into doing we need to know how many cars gone in, how many cars go out.
of the hospital grounds.
But there's residential sections as well.
And then see how long each vehicle stayed there.
There's two entra entrances.
That's what we are doing.
Well that's not why we're doing it.
This is just well I mean it maybe connected with that but we're doing it because they want to increase the car parks.
So we're looking to do it with tape recorders on the busiest entrance and you know and just say car D five one four R G M blah blah blah.
Get them all down and then the person on the quieter entrance can just write them down.
But you do n't necessarily have to say the whole number.
You know you can just say D five one four.
Yeah, you do n't even have to say the the make.
And then erm they all get punched into the, Rob's got a special computer programme thing, you punch them all in er and then it does a ma a matching thing.
And it come, at the end of the day it comes out with all the ones it's matched, the duration it's been there and er makes it a damned sight easier basically.
Should be quite good.
Then we've got in June we're supposed to be doing journey time surveys and traffic counts on the M sixty three.
No.
Erm now they're talking of doing roadside interviews in both directions on the motorway on the slip roads.
Yeah.
So I hope it comes off.
Yeah.
It's about time we got something, do n't, you know for months we scratched round looking like we're busy, now we're meeting ourselves backwards, coming backwards.
Yep.
But I mean I'm already starting stopping later, unintentionally you know, just cos I wan na finish something.
Yeah.
Well that this is the bloody supermarket.
Course you do.
Yes you do.
Er yeah I've already got over thirty hours credit.
And you're not supposed to have more than thirty even though Mike's got about a hundred and three.
How the hell he's wangled it, honest to god!
No.
So erm and I, I ca n't just take a flexi-day because I'm already, I've already got leave to use.
So I'm gon na see how I get on an if I keep doing it I'm just gon na get it as overtime.
What are you having?
Fish and chips?
Are you coming in?
There she is.
Yep.
Yeah.
Cooeee.
Cooeee.

Probably.
Ooh.
I could n't hear you shout.
Well I was allowing you time with your leg but we thought you've got the telly on loud.
Have you?
We've been in chinky we've brought our tea.
we've brought our tea.
We've been to the chippy, we have n't had any tea yet.
So can we eat them here please?
Yeah we can do, saves stinking out in here.
Yeah.
Oh there's nothing to.
The what?
Yeah?
Shall we take that?
Yeah.
Oh aye.
No I'm grand.
No you wan na rest your leg.
We've just been to see Jean there at the chippy.
Yeah.
Is that alright there?
Where's mine?
Looks like a teddy bears ' picnic.
No we'll have them out of the paper, we'll save on washing up, thank you.
I'm alright, I d I want a butty thank you.
So they'd better be nice seeing as we've been all the way.
to.
Super.
So how's your leg?
Any easier?
Oh is it?
Is it gone a bit easier?
Has it gone a bit easier for you?
Er just do you want one or two?
Just just one.
Yeah.
I do n't want one thank you.
Oh aye.
There's plenty on them, they're alright.

Do you want a few chips on a plate nan?
Are you sure?
Have you?
What have you had?
Ooh.
Lovely.
Nothing like looking after yourself.
Mm.
Me mum.
Yeah she was only saying ours has started to come through.
up at.
Oh they are nice.
Teddy bears ' picnic this nan.
Teddy bears ' picnic.
Ooh.
Do n't bother with a plate for that.
Nan.
I, he could have had that straight on the paper.
I said there was no need to have got him a plate.
Spoiling him, he does n't have a plate at home for his bread and butter.
Oh they do.
No, I'll be alright after this.
No ta.
We have n't had chips for ages have we?
No.
I er you do.
Nan you'll love why do n't you go back and watch your programme and have a sit down and we wo n't be two ticks eating these.
Mm?
Oh yeah?
Mm.
Oh me mum's been here today?
Yeah?
Hmm.
Oh!
Little devils.
Oh.
Me mum's been here today has she?
Oh she said yesterday she might call.
Mm.
Yeah.
Good.
Mhm.
Well aye, might as well have a bit of comfort.
Oh yes, we had ab er well while you were in the shower.
Mhm.
Here you are.
Why do n't you go and sit down again and we'll come in as soon as we've finished these.
So you can rest your leg.
thanks.
I'm fine.
I'll be too full up.
Mhm.
Have you?
No this is fine.
Okay, we wo n't be a minute.
Well are you having one?
Are you having one anyway nan?
Well o I'll, if you put it to boil.
Okay.
They're nicer than our chips.
Erm I'll have tea please, yeah.
We usually have a cuppa after do n't we?
Just saying nan.
I'm just saying these chips are nicer than the Bottley chips.
Oh aye, we'll be coming here again.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Got nowhere local for chips.
Oh lovely, thank you.
Smashing.
You get a good One thirty, that's not bad is it that?
Okay, we'll be through in a minute.
No.
We'll be through in a bit.
I think we pay more than that?
I think fish is over a pound, yeah.
So with the chips as well this is about one sixty.
Mm.
Oh, think he's charged.
Or does three sixty sound more like it?
Yeah maybe it was three sixty.
She must be having one, put them straight in the cups.
They're one cup things.
She must have made one.
How?
did n't she?
Struggling a bit now.
Do you want any more chips?
Yeah?
Seriously?
Do you want more?
Mm.
Oh I really enjoyed them.
Have to take the door off the hinges to get your head out if it gets any bigger.
Well which one?
Well you made them.
What are you like?
Oh pardon me.
Let's get past you with this chair.
It's lovely not having any washing up.
I'll wash me fork.
Nice cutlery that is n't it?
It's old.
Right.
That was n't, there's nothing wrong with that.
God you've gone mad with the sugar in yours.
Do you want it topped up?
You ca n't drink it with what?
Oh.
How do I do this without trapping me fingers?
Ooh, god there's some weight in there.
Put it all back as we found it eh?
Could you take my coat through please.
It's on the chair.
Oh?
Oh erm who is he?
He was in that erm what was it called?
Alan Bleasdale, you know that fella that did Boys from the Black Stuff.
Erm he was in one of his plays.
Oh is it him?
I thought it was the fella that had the nervous twitch.
What was it called?
Erm ooh I ca n't remember what it's called.
He's been in a few things.
Oh is this the new.
Robert Lindsey.
Robert Lindsey Mike says his name is.
Is this the new top me dad put on?
Eh it's posh is n't it?
This is the one is it that had like er wicker work?
All fraying.
Well it's lovely that cos it's like you can put your drinks on it as well and your cup of tea and that.
Yeah.
No.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well he's varnished it as well.
What er plywood?
Chipboard is it?
Plywood.
Yeah.
it's grand.
It's given a new lease of life has n't it?
It's give it a new lease of life.
I bet you've had it years have n't you?
You've, have you had it years, the stool?
Donkey's years I bet.
Yeah.
Was it?
Yeah.
Yeah?
Did she?
Good god.
Ah!
Yeah.
Good god.
So it's had a new lease of life with that has n't it?
Me and Nicola always used to love it.
Mm right.
Me and Nicola used to fight to get on that.
Me and Nicola always used to love it when we.
came her.
We used to fight to get on it.
Smashing.
Oh god!
Yeah.
Oh it's annoying is n't it?
Ours keeps going.
Well.
Yeah.
Very busy in work.
I've been out and about today, I've been to Caernarfen today.
Yeah, by myself.
Cos we've got, you know like we did in Ormskirk, these roadside interviews?
We've got some of those to do.
Erm and I'm all in charge of it.
So I'll be expecting a big pay rise at the end of it.
I've got quite a bit of responsibility to do.
So that's that.
Jan's got er the sa Jan's doing the same as me.
but she's in L doing hers in Leek in Staffordshire.
So we've both got it takes me an hour and a quarter to get to Caernarfen and it takes Jan about an hour and a half to get to Leek because they're such bad roads.
It is, it's not very nice at all.
But er so we're very busy.
Which is better than ooh pardon me, than being bored.
So work's alright.
Mike's still in Ellesmere Port working.
Does n't know how long the work's gon na stay there.
They seem to there does n't seem to be much left to do but yet they're still going there and everything.
But er that's Steve's ma you know it's it's Steve that sorts that out, his boss.
Yes.
Aah!
He's only looking at the pictures, he ca n't read really Eh what did you think of the dancing concert?
That dancing concert what did you think?
Yeah.
Not really.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Just the things.
Yeah.
No.
Well I thought the sa I mean eve that last thing they did there the Starlight Express thing, I did n't have a clue what that was about.
Erm and I did n't like the way erm she got a few of them's, a few of the gir I know there's only the two lads there, but how she was doing a lot of things with the girls dressed up as boys like that w er what was that song that me dad hates that they did?
Erm What a Dame.
what a dame.
Me dad hates that song, well there was the two lads and two girls pretending to be sailors or whatever they were.
I do n't like the way she keeps trying to do that.
Erm oh I dunno, some of their things were a bit weird were n't they?
I suppose she's got a.
No.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And the other thing is of course that Mrs is d doing like she's taking the, the modern musicals and things that have been, you know, down in London, like Cats and Starlight Express and things and she's trying to imitate those, well there's no way she could ever get it as good so she's better off doing something completely different.
You know, something more traditional, you know like maybe doing a few things out of The Sound of Music.
Or, you know, that people ooh yes, that's it, The Sound of Music.
I think that'd go down bett or I mean even like when we did the pantomimes, you remember Cinderella we did?
I mean it was brilliant really was n't it?
For like such a amateur er company to do, but people loved it because they they understood everything that was going on.
There was dancing in it, there was singing in it.
Er I think she's a bit too ambitious sometimes.
And we were right in the front row and that ruddy music she had!
Were you near the front?
Too loud.
Yeah.
Yeah it drowning them out.
Yeah.
That was her youngest, her lad.
Yeah.
Not really.
No.
No.
No.
Oh we were having a laugh.
Remember when we did that space ship scene?
And we had the guns.
and we were saying about her mum, Mrs do n't you knacker them B guns!
Do you remember her shouting at me and Nicola for.
firing them?
Cos we said them young kids that had the trumpets for that thing, I bet she had a go at them and all not to knacker them.
Ooh dear me.
Yeah.
They do.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well.
No, no.
Yeah.
No.
Well that's it.
Yeah.
I must admit I did recognize a few outfits that me and Nicola used to wear.
Honestly.
Yeah.
These orange tops, we used to do a dance to Vandervalk.
You know that do do do doo do do doo do do doo doo doo do do.
I recogni I said mum that's the ruddy Vandervalk costumes.
These orange ti we, we used to think they were lovely.
Erm recognized those and a couple of other things.
Erm and me mum was saying how Dyllis.
remember with Helen and Susan?
Erm when they were doing the dance thingies cos she was a dressmaker, Dyllis was, she used to say look at these!
She has n't even put seams on them.
And she used to do Helen and Susan's, she used to sew all the edges up and everything.
Oh aye.
On every costume.
She was n't letting her kids go out.
Yeah, all fraying.
Well that's it.
When you're making all that lot.
I do n't suppose you're bothered whether they've got hems and neat edges on them.
Yeah.
Yeah she had n't done them all this time.
I said you could pick out the ones Ma had done.
They were the ones with the tatty sleeves.
Ooh.
We thoroughly enjoyed it, having said that.
I was.
Yeah.
It was.
a nice change as well.
Well that's it.
Yeah.
I, I do.
Well I suppose so.
Because that's the thing like, although if she did something a bit more traditional, it'd probably please the likes of us but when you think, the kids that are doing it, if she says oh we're doing something out of Starlight Express it'll be aah!
Oh!
You know, I mean that would appeal to them.
because they'd think it was really important and.
and they'd probably rather wan na d rather do that that.
than something, you know like a pantomime or something.
But er these.
these met us Dad and Mike met us in the pub after.
I, me and mum went in my car.
and then er dad and Mike come down in the Sierra and met us in the pub.
So we had a.
Yeah.
So we had a we stopped in there, we were only gon na have one in there but it was alright in there, we had a nice table and that so we had a good natter.
Yeah.
Erm Hayley's mum come to see me.
Ooh.
she said oh let me have your address!
Our Hayley, our Hayley's getting married.
Our Hayley's got a big lump has n't she!
The size of her!
You know she used to be so petite, but god them damn legs on her!
Like er body builder.
Ooh I did n't like them when they were dressed as skeletons.
When they were did that skeleton dance, Hayley and another one.
You know when they.
they were dressed as skeletons, I did n't like that.
Ooh they looked horrible.
Yeah.
I thought Sally was good.
Well that's it.
Sally was very good.
Yeah.
No, he was a bit bored really.
But er er Bren wanted to go to the pub.
Bren was dying to go to the pub.
No.
When mum said that we were meeting Mike and er dad in the pub.
he s it was only about eight o'clock or something and he said will they be there yet, will they be there if I go and have a pint with them?
Me mum said no they're not coming till ten o'clock.
And we won the bottle of wine, did mum tell you?
We won the raffle.
Aye.
I was a bit annoyed, I wanted the cuddly toy but me mum would n't let me.
I do n't know.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Times change do n't they?
Well that's it.
No.
Yeah, I think she was very good.
No.
Well no it's Hayley that takes it.
she does n't like Hayley.
Yeah.
I can imagine her being a little bitch.
Oh.
Mm.
And y best to be honest, it's no good saying you know making up something.
No.
No.
No, I can imagine.
No.
Well I can imagine this Hayley not being very good with the little ones.
Yeah.
I can imagine her being a bit er well not, not bossy like.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But it's whether you've got the right way is n't it?
No.
Well aye.
What was I gon na say?
Oh that's what I was gon na say then ah!
The Free Press?
That's it.
Yeah.
She's doing very well is n't she?
No, last week.
It was the last day last Friday.
Yeah.
Do you see anything of her, Annie?
No.
But me mum noticed though erm cos I said eh have you seen the picture of Jackie in the paper?
But we've noticed the last few times it's all Jacqueline now.
She do does n't have Jackie any more, it's Jacqueline, full name.
Must be Gwyneth's influence on her that.
Aye.
Cos I had a.
Well it does really, yeah.
Specially when it, her surname's as common as.
But I know, fair play she's doing very well is n't she?
I have n't seen Denise since new er before Christmas I saw Denise.
I had a Christmas card off her er but I have n't seen her.
I should make an effort but she's.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Ah.
It's this damn winter.
Yeah.
Roll on summer.
Some of the what people?
Some of what?
Mm?
What where's she mean.
up the lane there?
Oh right.
Why, are they some of them a bit.
Why, are n't they supposed to be very savoury?
Are n't they supposed to be very nice, these women from up the lane?
Ooh.
Is it?
Has it?
Mm.
You're like Bradley snobs you lot down here.
Oh.
Mm.
No, touch wood.
Touch wood.
Is er has what's his name, the angry man been up to any antics lately?
Has she been to see you?
Mhm.
Yeah?
Ah.
?
Doctor?
Does n't he?
I do n't know.
I'm not very up to date.
?
Could have yeah.
Seem to think me mum's said something like that.
No?
Did he?
Well that's not the attitude to have is it?
So what's wrong with his shoulder?
Oh.
Big babby.
Yeah.
Why which clinic is it the.
Well why ca n't sh.
Well why ca n't Nora walk to it?
I know, but she walks as far as that.
She has er, she's got very wide feet as well Nora has.
and er, she bought some well some new shoes ages ago, she has er about an F extra wide fitting really, er wide.
er she bought these new leather shoes quite a while ago, but even they and they were the widest she could buy, but they needed stretching, so Joanne, Paul's girlfriend, had got one of these shoe stretching things, you put it in and twist it and it goes up and up, well even that at it's highest would n't, you know, at it's furthest, well it was sticking out as far as it could go, even that was n't filling it, so she stuck a spud down the end of it.
She wedged it in with a spud, with a potato.
and then did it and it's worked so they've, they've stretched now.
Yeah.
No well she had this special thing so it's done the trick so she has n't worn it yet though, I think she's doing it for the wedding ai n't she?
She's gon na wear them.
Yeah.
Yeah twenty fifth of April.
Ah it'll be your Paul's birthday second, first of April.
April fools ' day Paul's birthday is.
ah, Paul's birthday is on April fools ' day.
so er we must remember to buy him a card and something.
get him a sweatshirt or something.
Good god.
Yeah.
Well I, she might not want reminding that she's forty.
good god.
Mm, mm, is she busy with doing her cakes Con?
Is she busy doing cakes at the moment, Aunty Con?
No.
Ah.
Yeah.
mm, mm.
Mm.
To do with work or?
Good god.
Good god, when does he go?
Gosh.
You do n't know how long you think he's going for?
Oh, god it's not long to, to have all those injections, it's not long to go for.
ooh.
Good god.
No.
All will be revealed.
All will be revealed.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Mind you a week wo n't be too bad it might do them good might n't it?
Oh.
Yeah.
Well that's it, it might lead to better things might n't it, I say it might do them good to be away from each other for a week any way, might n't it?
And the kids for that matter.
very good how's uncle Ron?
Oh.
Oh good.
I think we'll all be a lot better when the summer gets here.
I think this weather gets a lot of people down does n't it?
I know it has n't been bad ca n't complain can we?
But erm, even so I think that.
That's it yeah.
No.
Good god.
no.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No it's.
what eighteenth to yeah eighteenth today.
so it's next Tuesday.
It's gone quick ai n't it?
We're dog and house sitting.
Yeah, great.
Yeah they do n't go to.
Ooh I'll say.
Yeah, they do n't go till six o'clock on the Tuesday night.
so we can take erm down to Mold wherever they've.
wherever they go from.
erm and it, we'll be staying up there.
I think so.
er did she say whereabout?
Aye, by the Evening Leader Office.
on, on the Wrexham road coming out of Mold, er pardon me, erm and then I've got a couple of days holiday to use up still from work.
so I might have a couple of days off and then I can be with Laddie and take him for walks and everything.
save getting Teggy to do it.
and so.
Yeah, er.
No, we love going up there anyway, it'll be like a holiday I say it'll be like a holiday for us, we love going up there.
Great, get some nice fresh air in us lungs.
So it'll soon be Easter as well wo n't it?
It'll soon be Easter.
That's er, April.
and so we might.
You've done that, have you?
Ooh.
Ooh, ooh that sounds alright.
You dammed alky.
Mm, mm, yes is there anything you want on now or you want snooker and football on?
Oh.
Liverpool you want?
I put it on, er what was I gon na say then?
What were we just talking about then?
Oh I, when did you go to Germany then?
How many years ago?
Oh was it?
Good god.
Er, who would be with you then Freda or something?
Who would of been with you then Freda or did n't you, were n't you?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I wonder if you'd seen much change in it if you went back now.
Mm.
No.
No.
Yeah, well it'll be a nice change for mum and dad anyway wo n't it?
Yeah, smashing.
We went to Southport the other week did mum tell you we went?
Er be fortnight ago.
August.
You should see him, well, he's so wiry, he's into everything, how they cope with him, he's not naughty as such but he's such erm.
Erm yeah, do you Mike?
Think James is a bit highly strung.
Yeah he's not he wo n't.
Yeah.
I think sometimes I ca n't help but think it's how they made him in a way, you know, like I, you, sometimes your, I think you should sit down and play with something, but he wo n't sit quiet and amuse himself.
he's running up and down and thing, you know I I do n't know maybe it is the way he is, but.
Yeah, but er, he's a cracking little lad.
er and they might be coming up to stop with us at some time over Easter.
so er, cos me heart was in me mouth when they come up for Christmas, and that's the last time they were up I thought me tree's gon na go over, you know, I thought if he pulls at me tree or anything, but, he was, he was as good as gold for not, he was n't trying to get me ornaments or anything, he was er, you know, just happy to play with his own toys, so he was n't naughty.
Well that's it.
Yeah.
I tell you what's nice to see them again.
she's, she's only just had her money through, remember when we met them in Tenerife.
she not long had that bad car accident.
at Claire's, yeah, er, she'd been a passenger and somebody had come into them and oh she was in a hell of a state, all, lucky to be alive really, she nearly lost erm, her arm and everything, lost, nearly lost the use of her arm, she's had a lot of facial surgery stuff and that and all her teeth had been knocked out and oh she was in hospital for months and months.
and that's why if you remember she was pregnant when we met her.
but she had a miscarriage when she went home.
and they thought, they said then it was connected with the accident, erm because it, you know, she was in such a bad way, and, the other fellow was to blame, I think he'd been drinking, I'm not sure, but they're claiming off the insurance and they reckon she's gon na be entitled to around a hundred thousand pounds compensation, because, not only has she had these physical injuries, but because she had a knock on the head it's also affecting her mental state.
erm sort of, at fir, you know, at first I thought sometimes you know oh, you know what's the matter with you like but, she admits herself, her I Q, you know how they judge your intelligence has gone right down, she has to have tests every now and again, er she ca n't concentrate on things, or, you know some things she just ca n't do any more, so she's at, supposed to be getting all this compensation and it's been going on now, it was two years ago, three years ago that we met them and she's only just had the first part of her money, she's had five thousand pounds, that's all she can get for the time being all the rest is, cos all solicitors and everything and doctors having to come and check things, so she knows, she knows she'll get money eventually, but er, it's just when, but is n't it an awful thing?
Ah.
That's right, yeah she'll be going through all the same thing trying to get money.
Terrible is she out of hospital now and that?
Mm.
Yeah.
No.
Mm.
Oh.
Oh god.
No.
No.
Mm.
Terrible is n't it?
that's right, yeah.
Mm.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's a shame innit?
I do n't know.
No.
Was it?
Mm.
No.
I know it's nice to have the compensation, but when you think of what you're missing.
That's it it's nothing at the end of the day.
What if you lose the use of your hand it wo n't buy that back.
will it?
Yeah.
It goes through you does n't it?
I do n't know.
Yeah.
How is.
Are they?
Oh that's nice.
Oh, big happy families.
oh.
No.
Yeah.
Oh I can imagine it being a bit strained off and on with er two lots of parents or do they know each other well and everything?
Yeah.
Well I was, there's nothing to say they've got to all stick together they can all do their own thing ca n't they?
Mm.
Yeah and the lad from work's a scouser he's said it, I'm going home now to watch the football, I think he's going there actually, I think he could be there, Rob you know him.
bloody rubbish it is.
The what?
yeah, so she said.
Oh.

I've got.
Yeah, she said the other, er yesterday, er I do n't know what it's like she has n't told me yet, oh er me mum's bought one, oh aye, me mum's is very nice I've seen that, I know me dad's had one as well.
Yeah, er yeah me mum's is nice like a mustardy colour.
long, very nice, very posh, erm I do n't know what me dad's is like, er me mum was laughing er yesterday erm with er doing all this work she'd done a load of washing and pegged it all out and when she'd got in from work dad had ironed it all.
I've, I've never ever known him to iron anything ever since I've been you know, little, I've never seen him iron anything but me mum was in fits because he'd even ironed the socks so she said she did n't have the heart to tell him that she does n't usually bother with the ruddy socks, but er the thought was there was n't it?
Good god.
ironing socks.
he'll.
Well I tell you what like, I never bother ironing socks, but.
well I just, well that's it.
flip them over, but there's er Sally and Russell that live across the road from us, er when Russell her husband lived at home, his mum always used to iron his socks and his boxer shorts and everything, now he wo n't wear them unless she's ironed them he wo n't.
she's tried just shoving them, and he wo n't, have n't, he wo n't wear them.
I said I'd wrap them round his damn neck.
I might try and iron as little as they possible can.
but like say I'm alright like cos Mike does n't have a shirt for work or anything like some people, with, with, they've got an office job, he'd have to have five clean shirts for the week would n't he?
And all ironed and, I'm glad I do n't have to do that, he has his old jumper on and a T-shirt smashing.
saves me the job anyway.
Ooh I ca n't stop yawning I've been going into work a bit earlier lately.
Yeah, I'm usually in for about quarter to eight, half seven, quarter to eight.
Erm yeah, can finish at four o'clock then.
so er next week I'm going to start going swimming straight from work as part of my keep fit.
Well I.
Aye, she goes up to.
does she?
Yeah.
Well I, I think it's nice, supposed to be a very good way to relax and everything.
is n't it?
Yeah.
Oh I'm gon na start going, I have n't been swimming for that long and I've been saying off and on oh I must go, I must go, but when it's so cold outside you do n't feel like coming out with all wet hair and all that.
Yeah.
Well, yeah.
Mm.
Ooh I bet.
Yeah.
No.
What, how much is yours?
Oh ours is, Mike knows somebody, one of the lads, their mum works in the Poll Tax Office in Buckley and erm, she reckons that, that ours will be going up about fifty pound is it?
She reckons ours will go up about fifty quid.
Well this is it we've said like, there's so much that everybody's got to pay for non-payers is n't there?
Erm, I do n't think we should pay it.
certainly do n't, but the thing is that.
yeah, the thing is, the people that are paying it, we're paying more than we've ever paid before and we're getting less back.
like for a kick off, he went down to the skip last Saturday, the tip, we had, er he was clearing out the back yard, he took some rubble and boxes and things down there, and he was talking to the fellow there they said oh, he said er they were shutting this skip, er they're moving it down the road and you'll have to pay, you'll have to pay to tip your rubbish.
and they'll charge more for works vans, did n't he say?
If it's a works van tipping rubbish, they'll charge them more, but you'll have to pay, I do n't know whether they'll do it by the load or by the bin bag or, what, you'll have to pay to dump your rubbish.
And we're paying Poll Tax, I said all that'll happen erm, and this poor fellow's out of a job as well.
honest to god it makes your blood boil.
Mm.
No.
Why what's.
why what's the difference?
What of the same sort, sort of size as yours or are theirs bigger?
Yeah.
Ah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh god, yeah I can hardly remember this before it was all done out.
Yeah I ca n't.
Not really.
No.
er did the grate use to be like where the fridge is?
Oh, the.
Yeah and the little kitchen I remember.
it's where your sink is now, but it was like smaller was n't it?
Shut off.
Oh that's right.
Well what.
what used to be the bathroom the little pantry, did that use to be the bathroom?
Er?
Oh I ca n't remember that you know.
No.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Was this always just a big room though?
This was always just one room.
You used to have the dining table over there.
at one time did n't you?
Ah me memory's not bad.
Yeah.
Mm.
How long ago would it be now that you had it all done?
Cos I remember erm what I do remember is when you were having it done, stopping in the caravan with you.
good god.
Oh, all it was lovely, yeah.
Oh it was lovely that was and remember that programme that used to be on, erm Within These Walls about the prison, the women in prison?
Oh and you used to let us stop up and watch him, it must of been on at about nine o'clock or something.
oh I used to love it.
Yeah, we stopped a few times you know in the.
caravan because I remember it.
How long ago was that then, how old would I of been then, when you had all these alterations done?
I would be about.
sixteen.
Yeah seventeen years ago, good god.
Mm, I can see them now the outside, they were like made, made to look like wood were n't they the caravans?
But it was like.
er, it was good there, used to like that.
Er twenty five.
Oh no, am I twenty six?
Twenty five until December.
no, maybe I was only about five, maybe it was twenty years ago.
Good god, no wonder I ca n't remember much about this then.
I remember coming for tea and er the table was where it is now I do n't know whether it was.
Yeah.
Yeah, and you remember me and Nicola used to have our special bowls, I used to have erm, Little Bo Peep and she had Mary, Mary quite Contrary well.
I can remember, we used to have like mints in a bowl, lovely mints did n't we and erm potat, and we used to have the mints just in the bowl and I remember boiled potatoes, you remember erm, you know like, when we, when we were coming like and I can see everything now and I can see me little bowl and everything.
but, that must of been, was that when the fire was still there then that was with the.
Cos, erm, you know, say we picked dad up from work and we used to come here straight from work did n't we for tea?
Wednesdays.
was it?
Was it, did he?
Yeah.
used to be lovely, I remember all that.
Yeah you.
How could I tell?
How could I tell.
What was the difference, did it look different?
Aye.
Yeah, cut all the fat off first.
Yeah.
Ah.
that's it, I remember.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh it used to be lovely.
Those were the days.
God it is as well.
Alright, she'll be expecting she reckons she's due on the twenty third of March, but the hospital say it's, it's the twenty ninth, so it'll be next week, I'll have to give a ring, we went to see her the other week, to see how she was, erm we went round er one night, I rung her up to see if she'd be in, I said right we'll be round for an hour.
Yeah.
she'll of been married.
twelve months in June pardon me so er, we think she's having a boy.
Mike had a dream the other night that she had a, a little boy, but er, the funny thing was it'd only just been born but it could talk.
It had only just been born but it could talk properly and everything.
So I said well coming from Judith it would n't surprise me if it could bloody talk.
but er, I think she'll have a boy as well.
Yeah, I dunno why.
I dunno, just think she will.
I can never remember which way round is.
Yeah.
No.
Ah.
no I ju, I dunno why I just think she'll have a lad.
Not bothered, as long as it's healthy she's not bothered.
It's the best way to be innit?
No good saying, trying to pick and choose cos you get what you're given in the end.
As long as it's healthy that's all that matters innit?
That's it.
Well Amanda'll be.
Well that's it.
Yeah.
No, but Amanda will be in her element wo n't she?
Oh she'll be like a little old woman, she's, well she's nine, I think she's going on thirty nine, to listen to her.
She's lovely, she's grown out of that mardy.
braty type.
Yeah, er well if they're not too careful she'll of grown up before they realize it, oh she goes on at you oh, like an old woman, she knows everything, she knows more than Judith about what's going on.
Oh she's, but she's gone nice, I must admit, cos I always did like her, even though like they use to say she was spoilt and that, well, you ca n't help it.
I mean the way she's been brought up and that with Kingsley and the mum, course she's gon na be spoilt.
but, I think this'll do her good to have a little sister or a little brother.
Oh god, I think she'll be a good help for Judith.
Er, she's only got the one of her own Judith has, erm but she's quite busy there with other people's.
Yeah, got quite a few on, she was full actually when we went to see her.
Er.
Yeah, went to give her a lesson.
he was looking very well.
so er yeah I'm glad they're doing alright with him now.
cos the eldest daughter had gone off it a bit.
Yeah, she'd got a boyfriend and, with her school work as well, like she's doing her A levels now and she just got a little bit, you know, because it is a big you know you've got to be dedicated have n't you?
It's no good going one day and not bothering.
Seventeen.
like, you know what I was like, all through school and me A levels I was still going down every day and everything.
erm, and I thought aye up, is she gon na go off completely, so her mum was worried about her and the mum said oh I do n't.
the mum said oh.
I think she's going off it a bit so I said oh well I'll come and have a chat and I said listen, I said, I realize you you've got a lot of school work and that and you've got your boyfriend, I said, but there is now way that you're gon na let him stand in the field, getting fat and getting old you've got.
yeah I said if you've lost interest in him then all you have to do is tell me, I said there'll be plenty of other people.
you know plenty of other little girls that would want to look after him, and I said it's no good relying on Vicky because she, the little sister, she's nine, she was too young to do things by herself, you know, I said there's no way you can let, leave it all to Vicky, so that if you do n't want him any more you must tell me and I said there'll be no hard feelings but that's it, cos he comes first at the end of the day, so she said oh I, oh I have been naughty have you been?
He's been to the toilet already.
Good god lad, so erm, she said oh I know I've been naughty and I have, not neglecting him in a naut, you know, they've been making sure he's been alright.
but just riding him, well that's what he needs, so I said well you just see as you think on just keep exercising him, so erm, after that she's been alright and the little sister's getting really good with him.
erm, because she's, she's quite big for her age, but like Louise she's quite tall now, she's nearly too tall for him even though there's nothing of her she must only be about seven stone, erm, but this little Vicky she's oh thinking she's really good now and she's improved so much and getting confident as well, and the dad takes in, he puts the bridle on him, he takes the dog in one hand and Min in the other he goes for walks for miles with the, with the horse and the dog Dave does.
he loves it, goes for miles with them.
Or, like he, if the little girl's riding him, he always goes with her then as well, but even if the girl's not on him, he takes him for a walk like a big dog so I mean, they're lovely people, you could n't wish to have him with nicer people, erm, you know they are, they really are nice.
so er, it'll be nice for them in the summer, especially for the little sister, now she's getting more confident in the summer like they can go to all the shows and that.
so er, they're really pleased.
so mm Win and Caroline are moving once again, has me mum told you that saga?
Oh I lose patience with them.
Mm.
I lose patience, on the market now.
Yeah.
Well, I do n't know really whether they are or not, I mean he must earn damn good money, erm not so much off his that.
Well that's it, erm, like she, I do n't think she makes a fortune, she only makes enough probably for food and that, he does n't make that much off his dad because his dad's a stingy thing, but he does the taxing as well and he does foreigners, but erm, you know, like they've got their bills to pay and everything, they do n't economize on anything, they have massive gas bills and.
Yeah, so they're paying that off, er I think, I think they're mad, I really do they only, they only pay a hundred and odd pound a month for this mortgage they've got at the moment because they bought it, it was only sixteen thousand, well it was cheap it was before the boom.
She's seen somewhere in the.
Yeah.
lady muck from turd hall.
Oh.
Yeah.
Well more fool him if he does that.
He's doolally for putting up with it is n't he?
Right I'm gon na go to the toilet and rinse these for you.
Oh dear, right let's make a move I tell.
Oh I've had enough of it and it has n't even.
started yet has it?
Getting on me nervous.
Yeah load of rubbish, that's what I think.
Listen why do n't you let us pull the door to nan.
save getting up to see us out, oh I suppose you have to put the catch on do you?
We'll have to get you one of those exercise bikes, that'll get you going.
We wo n't leave it so long the next time.
Yeah.
Do you want your stick now?
Do you want me to get you your stick?
It'll be easier.
Yes you're up on Sunday, yeah.
okay.
Is there anything you want fetching from upstairs or anything before we go?
You only have to go to bed, when you go up there.
Oh nan.
Well.
that's it.
Yeah anyway.
love you lots.
you take care, I hope your leg.
Do n't stand in the cold.
I'll give this to.
Okay, bye nan.
ta ta oh, at least it has n't come to rain again pull Oh my light has n't come on.
Oh.
Is it?
Oh twenty minutes ago when Max said he was gon na take ten minutes.
it is up and running.
insults on that.
Can we have the.
Morning Richard.
do what?
ha ha.
Okay.
ya.
It can hear you.
The problem is fitting all this in with everything else.
I do n't think.
No perhaps not.
perhaps not, but added to everything else, plus you want the archiving doing, the A three drawer doing, I do n't know when on earth I'm going to have time to do that.
I mean I was in eight and a half hours yesterday, eight hours a day before.
You asked me to do the Wigan archiving.
No.
I ca n't.
I ca n't claim any overtime or anything for.
erm, well, any overtime for.
but I'm working all these.
No, well I'm asking.
I mean I was.
Yeah.
What do I have to have someone to collect the hours before I can claim it?
How do I fill the form out?
You know I do n't mind coming on a Sunday and doing all this erm archiving stuff.
Well, cos there's a fair amount to do the A three drawer's gon na take a long time.
Yeah, the drawer in, the new cabinet we've got with it it's got Wigan reports plus drawings in it.
Yeah.
That little cabinet that is crammed full of stuff.
I think.
Why are you gon na have a word with that overtime as well?
If it's necessary can I have.
yeah.
Mm, mm.
Oh yeah.
oh yeah.
Oh.
Mm, mm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
that's fair enough.
fair comment.
He was a waste of space.
The Tottenham game was really good was n't it?
You got the score.
oh he did.
he did, he put one.
Go on have your say Rob.
What's your address.
Well I've still got two accounts in er June.
the second and the fourth.
You got, oh you've got a couple of days.
Yeah.
I thought we'd finished them.
Like one of those er dead squirrels on the end of the.
I'll have to get this on tape just to prove that.
I beg your pardon.
Did you?
yeah.
Pardon?
Oh no.
Ah I did n't know that, what's up with him?
Oh god.
Well er.
So how do you know him then?
Oh right.
Ah, bless him, what's his surname?
How did you?
Why who's Steven?
Which one's that?
The one that wears the trilby?
Yeah, oh right.
Ah, I only said to Chris the other day, I thought god I have n't seen Trevor for ages, I honestly did and I, I did n't think you know, anything wrong with him.
Ah, bless him, I should go and see him should n't I?
Okay, cheers Nicky.
Did n't I, ah, did you hear that Jan?
What?
You know Trevor from the pub.
Trevor?
You know Trevor.
Oh.
Yeah, he's lost, had his leg amputated he's in the cottage hospital in Mold.
You go and see him?
I should do really got a clot in one of his legs as it means and went down the other one and got ta take it out, through smoking.
what having me leg cut off.
where's that?
Talking of which, have you.
What's up with you chuck?
Are you a busy boy?
I know what you can do, some of the written ones.
You can do some of Richard's that I'm supposed to.
Pardon?
You never liked to do the jobs I say because they're always pooey jobs.
Calculating a percentage of heavy goods and.
no, I might try and get that done.
Ah?
Well the sheets are all there, as soon as I'm a bit, got me Caernarfon done and that.
well whatever it is supposed to be.
no it is n't, you have n't got no intention of shaving it off.
Oh you do n't want to have a Robin Hood do you?
no, oh no,.
no, please do n't.
Oh.
I hate beards like that, I dislike that.
I know, but sort of none there and just all sort of down there, like sort of Brian.
That's no good.
oh.
what's happening?
What's happening?
What've you got to do then to that thingy then sheet Jan?
Er got to work through it, new.
and get down to.
mm when do you want to go through it then?
If I could just erm get this done.
Okay.
but erm.
There's not a.
Yeah I know what you wan na say, but.
that yours are observation.
Yeah.
for you to take in, you know for you to look at, you've put before we.
for you to.
Scrutinize.
mm, more, for you to sort of.
That's the one.
That's the one he has his uses does n't he?
He has his uses but he's not very good at brewing up.
Oh that's very kind of you to.
do n't mind if I do, do n't mind if I do, fancy a brew.
For you to consider.
We do n't really need these now do we?
Cos we've done.
Good god is that the time?
Yeah.
Does n't time fly when you're having fun.
At least I've done the N T Ts, that's about all I can say, oh no, it's been quite productive has n't it?
Oh yeah.
Do n't you think?
Aye ya, feel.
none of it towards a survey like, productive towards a survey.
Jan can I leave this with you?
What is it?
It's what I started to do on that.
Oh yeah do n't, do n't start it.
I'm, some things are logged and stocked, so I'll leave it, if you wan na sling anything out once you've done yours, that's all very well.
Yeah, do n't get rid of yet, eh please.
it'll have to go on the document location erm sheet B eight or something is n't it?
Oh yes indeed I've just taken all the dividers out.
Okay I will contact Jim with regards to visits in the near future.
Yeah.
will that do?
I do n't have to put if you have any queries.
No.
or will I?
It's eleven thirty.
Yeah.
what time do they go and lunch?
Any time.
No they have fixed times.
Oh do they?
Oh yes course they have.
Can I speak to Tony please?
It's Jan from Mold Hello who am I speaking to please?
Ah, right, erm Tony's organizing erm, or has organized, we're hiring a mini bus and we're using.
company insurance, right, now before I ask you the company that we're hiring the mini bus off, I'd like a, er a copy of the.
and stuff like that so I can send it off with.
Well some form of recognition that we have got the correct insurance for this service that we want.
Next Thursday I've got to take a cheque into a, well a deposit into a my.
Yeah.
erm.
ninety two pound fifty with a.
It's what?
ninety two pound fifty with a.
Bloody hell, there you go.
Cheers.
It's a dear day innit?
yeah.
I asked him, I said before we go any further, can you get these with the complete package and he said no, they're all going back to the N H S typed thing because that's the look, the look people want.
Oh it'll be a complete change for them.
Yeah, I think it'll make a nice change.
Yeah, the others were similar, I know they were different, but.
He said er, he's getting me another metre all round less size round because it'll be too heavy in that size.
Yes, well.
yeah well I do n't want it too much more.
Oh that'll be lovely.
Mm he never said, did, they put a nice.
he never said what colour did they want.
I mean you would n't put a brown one in that grey frame would you?
Because it, I think it, I think these are grey, you can get green and brown.
Mm.
mm mm.
Mm.
ooh they're nice, yes.
can you hand me a sausage roll?
they're nice.
yes.
Has anyone rung up and told me I've won a million pounds?
No, pensions won the pools again this week.
Mm, well I'm close.
Mm.
Thanks for that love.
Mm Quiet ai n't it?
Can I have a pair of scissors, I think I'll cut.
you what?
I was being polite.
Graham is boring himself in one of his car magazines.
Did you pi buy that Hillman Minx?
You could've been a real trendsetter, you could've put Ghostbuster stripes on it.
one of them Graham?
Did you listen, erm, and oh you have er City on do n't you in the week?
I had Radio One on this morning and on the news it said that Porsche had developed a, a base to shoe horses.
Had developed a what?
A, a horse shoe for horses that have trouble on firm ground and it's got erm a piston, a piston type system to it.
Yeah.
the same technology that they used for their high performance car system a Lotus or something like that.
Mm what a little mine of information you have.
What I was I gon na say now.
just a.
it's so they do n't damage their.
Mm.
it's good, it needed doing, it just means that they'll race.
what was I gon na say something to do about the racing car.
Mm, I'll have to use me.
it used to go fastest.
because.
Yeah.
he said what's next for them go faster stripes.
Me dad used to have a Zepper.
Why?
All the Zodiacs and Zephyrs I knew were maroon with grey down the wing.
Is that right?
Tape is on, would of got you anyway.
Did you hear me say Rob, you know the old geezer from the pub, Trevor?
He's in hospital, he's had his leg amputated.
Got a clot.
or something.
mm, oh I was gon na say something before, but I ca n't remember what it was.
About the car or the horse?
I do n't know I said something to Graham about cars and then.
Aye, he did buy one.
My Lancia.
you thought I was selling it.
You like it do n't you?
Ah?
You like it do n't you?
I like it.
Yeah.
I love it.
Well.
Do n't you think so.
sold it, she's sold it to him would n't you?
it's alright, it's a bit tame for me.
What's the word X nineteen on the Lancia it's like the family car get the tartan shopping trolley in the back of it.
You wo n't wan na drive mine then.
Mm.
You did though, did n't you?
Mm, get used to yours.
I beg your pardon?
Has it got an I after it?
No, yeah they do n't all have that though do they?
You mean.
I think it's got a carburettor, what's a carburettor?
What's the difference, how do you know?
Yeah, yeah.
God, I was nearly in an accident last night, that reminds me, coming, I'd just turned off the Wrexham road, er going along the Paisword one.
Mm.
and there's like an old pick-up-ey type thing and then there's this young lad and a, in a work's Escort van and then there was me and I thought oh bit of a blow being behind this lot, but there's not many places to overtake down there so I was.
No.
just gon na have to you know be stopped there anyway this young lad after the first fast bend he went to overtake and I could see a car coming the other way and he was like er running along side this pick-up but it was like he could n't drop back and he could n't make it either.
Mm.
so he just kept going, so the pick-up jammed its anchors on, there was a Rover it was coming the other way, the Rover went up the verge.
Oh my god.
and the aargh, just squeezed in and this lad sort of shit himself completely and went zoom right up the road then, well I knew what was gon na happen so I dropped right back and er how he missed him I do n't know, it must of been inches or itches.
I bet the lad in the car just.
adrenalin was brown at that particularly moment.
That's the way I tell them, do I tell these, that joke I told you before?
Yeah.
This is me brother's joke and I, I lay no claims to this one.
A guy comes home from work.
Sorry.
Er, yeah, well it needs photocopying.
Yeah, this guy comes home from work and his wife's got the chair and she's picking it up and taking it around like this.
Can you speak up a bit please?
and he said what are you doing?
She says I'm trying to increase me bust, he says put it down he says all you need is a couple of pieces of toilet tissue and rub it between the gap.
and there you go, she says well how do you work that out?
He says well it's worked on your arse has n't it?
Rob you never remember those jokes off your brother.
Rob, course you can.
Tell us the other one then.
No way, I think I'd be even embarrassed telling you.
You never even, you never told me about the one.
I have n't told you.
your mum told you.
I'm not going to.
It's usually the parents not wanting to repeat a joke to the daughters.
not the other way around.
Excuse me, I did n't come and goggle what you was eating.
The difference is he does n't need to do that to get it all in one go.
It's the separate sheet the answers.
Mm, well, mm, mm, mm.
Mm.
let's have a scone.
Let's have another tasty apple.
Fastest, fastest cake in the kitchen that you know.
Scone.
That man can mumble.
He certainly can your off on Monday, are you?
Going anywhere?
Thought you were off tomorrow.
So you are off tomorrow are n't you?
Can we, are we gon na let him?
Mm.
We gon na let him have the day off?
Well we were gon na go to the pub and celebrate my three year anniversary of suffering this department.
Ah what a bore.
pardon?
No, I just was gon na go out and commiserate with you all for putting up with me for that long, well with you lot I do n't know.
Some longer than others, I never forget the first day in Liverpool, I was a.
was n't I?
Mm.
He did n't introduce us did he?
yeah, creepy little sod and have Dave, Dave show me three times how to do a five bar gate.
How's he gone?
Well you go one, two, three, four, five, I'll just show you that again to rei, reiterate the button, one, two.
That's what you can do on your day off.
No develop one of those things on.
yes.
the football quiz.
Ha, that's called premature is n't it.
four minutes.
The four minute mile.
what about our Fergie and our Andrew then?
Well it was.
on the radio, this, ah, the other day and the woman saying he's such a nice guy I do n't know what could of gone wrong, she does n't know him.
does she?
Well she will make a good team, she slept with ten other men apart from him that's.
okay.
Are Di and Charles supposed to be.
yeah.
talking to the flowers.
mm, could just drink a nice cup of tea.
Yeah that'll be nice.
at the.
are we gon na sort out how many we've got?
And you've got to have.
do n't know.
I'll have to check with.
well we can count the panelling that we've got left over there, how many do we use a day?
To be honest I ca n't remember, I know my lot on the last thing Wigan was doing two hundred and thirty an hour, so twelve times twenty, two hundred and thirty.
If we allow two hundred.
interviews.
Mm, two and a half thousand then.
an hour.
that's a box.
that's only a hundred interview forms an hour is n't it?
Of course, yeah, because there's two on a sheet.
And that's allowing for spares as well, cos my sites are n't gon na be busy enough to do that, that many anyway I would n't of thought, so what you doing twelve hundred a day?
Mhm, it's, is n't there two and a half in a box?
Is it?
I do n't know.
Have we got one over there?
So that's three thousand six hundred so if I add four thousand, three and a half to four thousand.
Mm, mm.
I'd be well in the clear then.
two, there's two and a half.
nine and a half boxes over here.
And how many's in a box?
There's no lid on it so I ca n't tell.
Oh.
erm.
Is there no lids on them at all?
No.
so there's two and a half thousand.
so there's five thousand interviews we could do five thousand interviews with that?
Hang on there's got ta be something wrong there, that means I'm only gon na need a box at the most, does n't it, hang on, let's write it out.
Start at the very beginning, there's two and a half thousand.
That's allowed, the maximum that we could do is two hundred interviews an hour.
Yeah okay.
would you agree with that?
which is a hundred forms.
Would you agree?
Mm, mm.
Two hundred interviews per hour, equals one hundred interview sheets there's been some very good cases of sexual harassment lately and.
Mm.
they're getting millions in compensation.
erm, so.
You know when people talk about you and they do n't actually ask you they just mention things and hated.
so that's.
two thousand for.
Yes mate.
no only the red boxes, I thought they were already done.
Well, erm.
which I've sorted this morning.
Do n't know with them.
Do n't know what Scott's already archived but why they were n't put in boxes away somewhere I've no idea.
Well or at least sorted, maybe they're the ones that was supposed to be left out for future reference.
I thought they'd already been done.
So Rob's instruction was that he put them in those files and I did n't think it was a particularly good idea because everything's easier to find if it's in the envelopes that we've put them in.
This is er.
We, actually I think we stopped him doing that because we put information on the envelopes as well which he did n't see.
Yeah we divided them all up, but if me or Jan needed to refer to anything we'd recognize the information that we've put on the envelopes quicker than we'll recognize the stuff that he's put in there.
We realized too late anyway before we.
If you put it with that pile of envelopes Mike.
Why he's never done an interview.
Two hundred interview per hour equals four hundred and three sheets.
three thousand.
That's it.
No, no, no, we only need a hundred sheets an hour.
and there's twelve hours so we'll only need a thousand and two hundred.
Mm, mm.
so call it half a box.
Mm, mm.
So I need one and a half boxes.
Mm, mm.
for, I'm gon na have them all in the boot of the car, at all times, so I'm gon na have two boxes please.
Mm, mm.
two boxes, er.
that's er ten whole boxes.
six thousand so.
so what did we just say for you?
You need six thousands do you?
Yeah.
divided by.
so let's give you three.
and I want two boxes.
we've already got four and a half boxes.
so let's order two for us and that'll give us five and a half, six and a half boxes.
another half box spare.
but I mean there's spares in them anyway.
yeah.
No.
No I'm sure your mum and dad will not find that.
what's more I'm convinced it.
Mind you no point in.
Right.
I'll make a note of yours.
I've put yours on separate sheet, have you seen it?
The return.
return actually interview.
if I do effect all the.
Well you're all gon na have some with your timesheets.
You go and see Will then before we think about ordering it then.
No, I said we'll go round and tell, tell him what we've just worked out there, get him to say yes.
Yes.
and then you can give.
okay.
yes.
How many?
Ask Tracey how, whether they order them by the box or whatever.
Where, does Tracey.
yeah.
Oh I thought.
if Tracey can get them it might be more reliable to get them from Tracey.
Could you do me a favour?
About the interview forms, what you want.
yeah.
No.
Could you.
down there?
Which one?
No do a couple please if you do n't mind, because you might need a couple spare.
Have you used these things now Richard?
no, why you volunteering?
yeah.
Why where is he?
Oh great.
Do n't we get a stand in?
No, what the green.
stuff?
Oh good god, it's about time they got their arses in gear and started doing something properly.
Yeah, there really is no excuse is there?
I ge to be honest though erm half the problem's been I think that it's been spoiling off so much crap, you know when I was doing those little things.
no wonder we're going through such a lot of paper.
if it's doing that for everyone and there's a mountain of scrap paper in there.
pardon?
what the printer, oh do n't you make me feel guilty, no I it's just stupid is n't it?
I was having about four pages, three pages before, four pages in between each one, and another.
at the end as well.
Mm.
Oh you are kidding.
So er, yeah, it comes out tonight.
Yeah she's gon na fax me the advert up tomorrow, she's gon na buy it today erm just rung Grant up to see, I was gon na ask Jo to go out and buy a paper.
That's how they come then.
Oh, I quite like those, dinky doo is that, is that all of them?
Well, there's fifty two in there, that should be enough should n't it?
I would of thought so yeah, oh you're doing alright then.
There's more in the cupboard if you want.
yeah, great, thanks for these, er yeah so I just rung, I was gon na get Jo to go out and get a, buy a paper.
Yeah.
because we've had no bloody calls have we, but it's like our Chronicle around here, it comes out tonight.
Oh yeah.
but, it'll be tomorrow when people are.
You are in tomorrow are n't you?
No I'm not actually.
Nor am I, it's.
I've put these.
Oh I phoned Jan.
yeah, they're alright are n't they?
Would you like to say two words Bab?
I do n't think er, they'd be very practical really to wear them packy bags would they?
Erm.
Be a bit revealing would n't you think?
shake your little.
on the cat walk as it were.
Right, did you ask Rob about the interviews on.
oh right.
What's the new one called?
Dee, dee, do, do, da, da, or something.
no they've got another one now.
are getting.
with it?
No, Graham, Graham, you know all about the M sixty three surveys do n't you?
right tell us about the M sixty three's surveys sweetheart, how many roadside interviews do you think we're gon na have to do?
How many roadside interview sheets do you think we're going to need to order?
How many other traffic cones ooh he's a little gem, he's gon na tell us all we need to know, but were too afraid to ask.
Ah come on.
So what's that?
What erm, what you calling a data collection site?
Er a count or.
Okay.
And very well I may say so.
Who did this, was it Martin?
Is, is that the one I did now you do surprise me.
Yeah.
This is quite true.
yes.
Aye, Rob said there was about fifteen accounts out.
Yeah, what are all.
The blue and the pink are general timetable are they?
No hang on, no, no, no, no.
the blue is the cord on.
the cord on blue.
do n't let that monkey anywhere near it, it'll rip it to pieces.
the pink is the gem card.
is n't it?
Yeah.
or we could take the wheels of the tyres off.
We could have one of those things like in Saint Trinian's ca n't we?
I've got it, I've got the laugh on record.
Pure bliss it's got account on it.
Three, nine, three Graham coughed at three, nine, three on the counter.
Yes sorry laughed.
Right.
No you ca n't do that, they ought to be on two separate days because people not.
go home the same day.
Balls to that, yeah.
they've got to be on separate days.
Well, you will.
if they're using it to get to.
Which.
work and back.
which junction are we thinking of interviewing that.
Six and nine.
I'm enjoying myself.
Oh, there's a word we have n't.
Prosperity.
used before.
it's one I've never heard of prosperity.
You're nosey are n't you?
Fifteen, O seven.
Will before you disappear.
Quick question, we've just been doing.
No.

Right.
We've done a quick calculation of interview sheets that we think we, we need, I need two boxes for Caernarfon, Jan needs three, we've got four and a half boxes already, we were gon na order two just to be on the same safe, but we're just looking into erm whether we need, how many we need on the R S I's on the M sixty three cos we might as well order them all together, save.
Listen.
so you definitely want my bilingual now.
there's no need to because we've got.
There's plenty left over.
Mm.
can be used elsewhere.
Yeah elsewhere, okay.
that's right.
I'll go for that.
No, okay, well I'll sort that out with Kath then, so if I order two boxes of.
Oh god, yeah.
Okay.
So we worked out the maximum we're gon na do is probably two hundred interviews an hour, that's really over estimating.
yeah that's the limit that, that's the most we ever did in Wigan was n't it?
No it was two hundred and thirty.
Oh was it?
Yeah, but that was just on.
well I think, I mean all.
we only, I do n't think we've got to two hundred on any other.
So we've said that, so that's a hundred interview sheets twelve hours in a day usually, unless your name's Billy, twelve hours in a, half a day, should of said, so that's twelve hundred times two two thousand four hundred so that's half a box, call it two and a half thousand.
so.
Yeah.
Yeah.
so I just want two boxes of bilinguals.
We've got four and a half yeah.
Yeah, correct.
We only need five.
Well depending on how many of them, we have n't.
for Leek and Caernarfon.
Well.
you're a fleet driver are n't you Will?
You've got a company car?
Do you have your fleet insurance put on.
Because I need to photocopy it to send to.
Okay, so tomorrow erm I will do you a mock up for a, a bilingual one.
okay.
Why?
I've just rung up to see, I was gon na ask Jo to nip out and get me a cake and see if the advert was in, but it do it does n't actually come out, it's like the local Chronicle here, it comes out on a Thursday night.
so I'm off tomorrow so I'll tell.
to put them all through to you, is that okay?
You can have a look in insurance now, I'll be grateful.
Super.
I do think I push me luck a little bit.
oh he's alright.
Why not printing?
No unless.
It suddenly says hang on, I'm not wasting enough paper, let's shove a few blanks through, fires more blanks than the T A that thing.
No it means someone's stopped a program, stopped a printout half way through and it does n't clear the page in.
Oh is it spilling, spilling off is it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Something, something happens when people send a different program through and they do n't reset it.
No I mean stop the printout and recall, reprint out and set it up.
Hello Scooby's phone on the computer.
no, no, no, no he's not over there, I mean put it back through to her's, he's on the computer.
yeah, yeah, did you want the spiral binder before?
No it'll wait he says, well it's down here now.
Tell you thank you very much for telling him.
Confused, you will be you thought it was a co, important call as well did n't you?
It was Kate.
When Scott due back?
I do n't know.
he's got twelve days leave to use up yet I think they should of given Darren in his place to do all this.
instead of making us do it, or they should of got a school leaver.
Oh I do n't mind cos I'm getting paid overtime.
Yeah that's right.
Get a school-ey, get a school-ey in.
Oh, he was atrocious, what was his name?
Steven was his name?
No.
Was it Steven?
He was a randy sod yeah.
Right.
but even uglier.
I want, there's a lab in er.
Is it men behaving badly?
With what's his face then, Harry.
Yes.
er, there was a lad in a sketch with him, we saw the trailer and he looked like an older version of Macouly Maulkin, or whatever his name is, what's his name?
Macouly Katkin I say.
Macaukin is right.
Macaukin, Macouly Macaukin.
Mm, mm.
Sounds like you're saying you caught me sulking or something like that no have you not seen it, he was in Inspector Morse as well.
He was one of the posh yeah.
with the, yes, he was.
With blonde hair.
And big jug ears.
Yeah, I think he looks like Macouly.
He was murdered last.
Yeah.
he should of been murdered first he was awful.
Aye he was getting on me wick.
U G L Y you ai n't got no alibi.
I think he was.
Yeah you did.
Yeah and I shouted Mike, I said quick it's him.
It's him, da, da, da, Cannonball Run.
Did you see a, the holiday programme when they picked the winner of that holiday the.
I was cringing.
It was excellent.
What's this?
rung this person up live to say they've won this holiday for six at erm.
what, what is it Mecca Island or?
not Mecca, but Mecca or something.
and.
Yeah and Annika Rice gets on the phone and first of all she thought oh, oh, I do n't think there's gon na be an answer, I, I do n't think there's gon na be anyone in, why are n't they watching us, why are n't they watching.
So then this fellow comes to the phone, obviously his missus had entered it and he did n't have a bloody clue that she'd gone in for it and he'd just come home from work and er Annika Rice there, saying oh where is she?
Why is n't she watching the programme?
Well actually she's gone to visit her mum, she's had a heart attack she's in hospital.
oh, oh well this'll be.
a lovely surprise for her then.
I do n't you.
yeah, yeah.
Yeah why do you think she said that?
Exactly.
Yeah, she fair, fair like she er nearly cut them up did n't she?
Mind you I'd get myself embarrassed in front of sixty million viewers if I was on her money.
Yeah, but would you wear those awful pratty outfits?
We were having a conversation were n't we Graham?
He's been looking at that erm inspiration has n't, do you know I bet it would if he made a cup of tea why was n't.
You wo n't do it full stop.
ooh I made a drink, what about bring it up then?
Oh we're so basic stop it, you beat me to it I was.
Do n't tell us your secrets Graham we do n't deserve to know them, oh go on then so these are only your R S I dates are n't they?
What are?
Seventh twelfth, fourteenth, nineteenth, twenty third.
Yeah Gina's asking when they're gon na clash with erm.
Yeah.
yours.
Well when you get a chance I'll have the accounts as well.
The accounts are the twenty eighth twenty nine, thirtieth and the second.
Of April?
Yeah and the second and the fourth of June.
Second and fourth of June?
Yeah.
Er what happened, why are n't you doing any in May?
Oh because of the bank holidays and the.
Yeah.
interviews.
and according.
Darren contact admin please, Darren contact admin.
I will contact you in the near future in respect of the.
is that what I had?
No.
Does n't sound as good does it as what I had before?
Why what you done with the other one?
I rubbed it out I.
I think, you did have the word respect in it.
In respect of the.
no, er of making a site visit was n't it?
This is end of proposed sites.
Yeah.
this is to the.
sites the above locations.
the above locations.
say again.
The above site locations.
Yes.
Erm, are we any nearer the truth?
Whether you visit.
no, whether, what we were talking about before?
R S Is on the M sixty three.
Yeah.
are we likely to just have ten?
Two R S Is.
Hello son, had your.
did you leave everything?
Did he take the car?
Was he alright?
How are you feeling now?
What did she bring you for your.
razor blades?
I do n't think you can Graham I do n't think it's.
I do n't think you'll get a.
erm.
Good stuff, good stuff.
erm.
When you say in two direction, I mean we there's no way they let you interview on the main line.
Erm we switch you on five.
so we're talking slip roads.
and you know how to test for.
right, I do n't think you'll get a free representation of the traffic flow.
erm.
if you do road to.
yeah.
I mean look, and even so I mean depending on where it's gon na be.
If you've got signs on the main line saying traffic point, traffic censors ahead, you're gon na have people saying oh sod that I'll get off at the next junction instead.
would n't you, I do n't know how you'll get round it.
Alright, I'll phone you a bit later on before I leave, okay.
Would n't you Jan?
What's that?
Like, this is that from the D T P that?
That is saying that erm despite the additional costs.
yeah.
we want it done in both directions, there's no way you can do it on the main line.
No.
so you're talking slip roads.
Yeah.
er Graham seems to think they're hinting that they should be done on the same day.
No way, I said before you ca n't do that.
Well no.
because.
the safe, the safety aspect of it and I do n't think you'll get a true representation of the traffic flows if you did it both together cos like you say people will be diverting.
Yeah, if they're delayed getting on the motorway and see that they're doing it the other side coming off, they might be saying.
and go up.
Yeah, but.
to the next junction and get off.
one, M sixty three six to nine this is, is n't it?
So junction six is that the big mass oh no junction seven.
Junctions five and six.
Oh junction six is the collector distributor so we ca n't do anything on that.
No.
Junction seven is the big A fifty six, where we did the big count.
Yeah.
and junction.
eight is that little.
eight is the roundabout.
Yeah, so where you gon na go now?
and junction nine is the one where you come off and go to Ernston that way.
Mm.
which is not a very, but what I'm saying to Graham is if we do it on a slip road like, cos, cos I've never done one before, if you, you'd have to have warning signs if you got a census on the slip coming off.
people are gon na say oh well I'll get off at the next one.
That's what I said to you.
Around.
Yeah.
yeah well.
er, I'll go for that one.
Yeah, I'll go for that.
Yeah.
No.
yeah but if they, if they were on slips they would n't be opposite anyway, would they?
Well you know you could do one at the slip.
Oh no, no.
You've got to do one on the slip off and one on the slip on, at the same part.
Having not done one I would n't know how they go about it even.
No.
I know it has been done, but when, For Ormskirk we wanted, we were looking to interview at the end of the M fifty eight.
and erm, about a hundred, most of it was under Manchester.
Oh for Ormskirk as well.
Yeah, and the others, the last hundred metres was under Lancashire's domain, and Lancashire would n't hear of it, even though, I mean, that was on an approach to a roundabout.
is n't it, er the junction there, and there was all erm deceleration lines and that across the road, they were slowing down anyway and we were gon na really narrow the cones and they were approaching a roundabout so I.
mean they had to stop eventually, but they would n't buy it at all, no way.
Same as.
did n't think they'd accept that the two different police forces, one said yes the other said no, but then they stood.
Yeah, one was from Delmonte Road was n't it?
That's the one, he's the one who said no they're not.
Yeah he was on the other end of the.
Do you really think that the Jolly Green Giant puts the lights on at two o'clock in the morning and gets them all to pick the corn?
Yeah, why do you think it's a lie?
Well I used to believe that but me mum said they do n't really do that, and that was one of my great illusions completely shattered.
You destroyed my dreams, my dreams are destroyed.
I was dead upset.
yes.
yeah, that's what I thought and, but if that was n't bad enough, my mum because she knows these things, even said that he does n't even say ho, ho, ho, Green Giant, does n't, they do n't even sing that song when they're working they could n't sing, and you know the little corn on the cob man.
yeah, no I think we'll have to liaise with Rob a bit on that.
Yep.
Yeah.
Do n't let's throw your words away.
Just let me get the.
Green Giant.
ho, ho, ho.
Is that right?
Oh right erm to be honest I do n't, the guy who set all that up has moved company, I'm just taking over the, the care of them really, unless erm Mr said anything, erm erm, yes if you would, er just hang on a minute, erm he's got someone in.
and he's busy and not to be disturbed.
Right.
Mr, hello I've had a quick word with Mike and he seems to think there's some correspondence on the file, I'll have to go and find the file and get back to you, so, er you, I have n't got your, your phone number there I do n't think, er I only had your fax number right, I'll get back as soon as I can, thank you bye bye.
Mr has just phoned about all this work and as, he's saying.
and he wanted to speak to Mike and I said I'll go and check it.
Right do you want a drink?
Teasy-weasy?
erm what do you want coffee?
I think I'll have a chocolate actually.
Would you?
Busy.
brewing.
Oh that's very nice of you to offer.
no.
Oh that was a very dirty look you gave me then young man.
It was, you went.
She's lying.
Of course it is.
What are you doing over your five days of weekend Graham?
Are you?
With erm.
What's her name?
Lorna.
This is still.
Ah.
It is.
a newy.
No, they're back together, he's normal.
Oh so it's the.
She is back in his world, ah.
but no so, ex girlfriend.
shot her dad.
Has he accepted it?
, yeah.
Liam.
Mm.
Ooh Graham ooh.
What's his argument now?
Like what?
Without having a detrimental effect on the studying, you did what you could.
Some people are born that way.
It's wicked, so what you gon na buy her tomorrow then?
Ooh, that speaks for news does n't it?
Mm.
You're not going round jewellery shops or anything are you?
Telephone shops, you can get her a ring in there.
Sorry.
no that news is full of crap anyway, he said so himself.
You mean it's a shit shop?


I do n't believe you sometimes.
It is, it is working.
No, just a pleasant day.
you hope.
Oh no, if it's anything like today, which it probably will be, it will be nice.
Will you stop doing that please?
Teddy's going to vomit.
if he do n't stop.
Yeah.
I bet they would as well.
ooh, er.
you Richard.
Where's my letter coming in?
No, have ring Mr tomorrow, confirm, confirm, affirmative.
Confirm the events.
confirmative, pardon?
Events, relevance.
Relevant.
Ants.
relevant, no, no, look.
ant.
ant.
it is now.
Mm I think you looked that up the other day I think I've already put ring Mr, yes, stupid boy.
Mike said I've got to put a note on the fax say P S you, the charges.
And is he kidding?
It's going on it.
Do n't.
he told me to put it on it.
He told you to say it, but he had a shock when he.
well he told me to say it.
Do n't.
But he told me to put it on.
I do n't think he's serious Jan.
He was serious, it's his get out from telling you to say that in the first place.
And he means to do it as a joke does he?
Yes.
I still would n't do it.
Who's it to?
Do you know who's it going to?
What?
You have got to put it.
He was joking.
do n't phone me again.
Just put do n't fucking.
that's dirt enough as per your telephone conversation today's date please find attached copies of.
Is it double M, double T and double E in committee?
I hope this will be of assistance.
Exactly.
Sorry.
You've lost me completely and that does n't take much I'm sure.
Graham will you show me your, your chinese worm please?
Hello there, hey I've come to see Mr Trevor, is it alright to pop in and see him?
Mm.
Are you sure?
Guess who's come to see you?
I think he will, he wo n't remember me I do n't think either.
How are you Trevor?
Who, he said, mm.
How are you?
Good I've only found out today about you.
I've had me spies out you see Nicky.
Well that's who's told me, I did n't know anything about it.
not a thing.
and she said oh, she said I've been to see a friend.
I know, it's a blow is n't it?
Never mind, she said to me this morning, she said I've been to see a friend of yours, I said well who's that?
Oh she said Trevor, I said why, where is he?
Oh he's in hospital, I did n't know a thing about it, I've been saying when we've been to the Pentam, we have n't seen Trevor for a while, we have n't seen Trevor, and even Barry at the Pentam did n't tell me, he thought I knew.
Yes, and every time I go in there, I say well what you know Barry and he did n't tell me that, he thought I already knew.
Terrible show, ah?
Yeah.
Card for you there.
I'd of bought you some grapes only I'd of probably eaten them myself.

well this is it, you've got a good stock up anyway there.
Good stuff.
Oh.
Yeah.
No I was n't there to wave to you, I thought.
I was n't there to give you a wave I'm afraid.
Not to worry, no working hard probably.
These are nice is n't he?
Mike, me husband.
Yeah.
I will do, I will do.
I thought I better call and see how you were doing.
I thought I better call and see how you were doing, now we know.
so there we go.
It's not bad, it's dry.
Yeah, so, it has n't been a bad day, it's been quite nice.
it's been quite a nice day really.
if I had n't been stuck in the office all day, if I could of been out and about somewhere it would of been even nicer.
so, still it's nearly the weekend, pardon?
I called in, yeah because I said to Barry I said here I said you di, you had n't told me about our Trevor.
Oh he said I thought you knew.
but er, he does n't tell me anything, he does n't tell me the gossip.
No.
No, I have n't done for a while see I.
might of thought to ask him if I'd of seen him, but you know the lad I go in there with Chris?
Well I said to him only last week, I said wonder where Trevor is these days, have n't seem to see him in here, but er.
Yeah.
Yes.
oh that'll be nice.
Well that's right.
Oh lovely.
Gorgeous.
Yeah, ah that's nice.
Lovely.
tut.
Oh that's alright is n't it?
Mm.
No.
No, I might know him by sight, but er I ca n't think of him.
Oh's, yeah.
Well yes.
that's it.
Oh good.
Yeah.
Well that's it.
Yeah.
Smashing, oh that'll be nice.
I'll buy you a beer then.
yeah.
ooh, you should n't be telling me all this.
They're looking after you well by the look of it.
smashing.
Is there?
Ooh I might come for me tea tomorrow then.
I wo n't have to do any washing up at home then.
Oh dear.
Good god.
Yeah.
Living it up then you are.
No.
Ooh.
No, not quite.
Not quite.
Mm, just over.
no you've got to be very careful have n't you?
Mm.
Well that's it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Ooh.
Yeah, you've got to be careful have n't you?
Yeah.
Mm.
Good.
You keep being careful and you'll be alright wo n't you?
Well that's it.

Well that's it.
it's nice when you can enjoy your food is n't it?
yes.
Well yeah.
Safer is n't it?
Oh dear me.
we're terrible us girls and what, what with Easter coming up, we'll be eating all these Easter eggs as well wo n't we?
And what with Easter coming up as well we'll be eating all these Easter eggs and.
we'll be big fat things.
Er, I think it's the, the twentieth is n't it Easter Monday?
I think so.
Yeah, that's Easter Monday, I think that's right anyway.
Yeah, you'll be nice, you'll be close to your family there wo n't you?
Your daughter and that.
No, it's a hell of a long way.
is n't it?
Have they?
Lovely.
Yeah, all day.
Right.
Oh that'll be a nice break.
Oh lovely.
well this is it, this is it, be a nice break for them wo n't it?
Be smashing.
Very good, right.
Oh yes.
Yes, still doing well.
still got his nice car.
He's got a Porsche now has n't he?
Yeah it's lovely, some money's worth there, I think me and you have paid for that car.
Oh.
No.
Yeah, he has n't put them up since the budget.
they've stopped the same.
No, he'll not, I think he's one of the cheapest in Mold anyway is n't he?
Yeah well he has n't altered them.
We were trying to get him to do, it was Saint Patrick's day was n't it on Tuesday?
Yeah, we were trying to get er get him to do Guinness fifty P a pint, but he would n't hear of it.
we were trying to get him to sell the Guinness fifty P a pint because it was Saint Patrick's day.
No, he would n't, was n't having it at all.
No I'm afraid not.
but it was worth a try was n't it?
Yeah, keeping myself busy I've got a lot of surveys coming up in Caernarfon of all places.
I am, yes.
Well I'll be staying over there some of the time, but then I'll be travelling every day.
Yeah, it takes.
Yeah, it takes an hour and a quarter it takes to get there.
Mm, quite a haul.
I dunno love bed and breakfast or something there, bed and breakfast or a little guest house or something.
Yeah, something nice so I get all me expenses for it.
so er, I might as well had n't I?
so.
Well that's it, have, have to sacrifice it's all money is n't it?
It'll all be worth it.
so.
I think I'd better go home and make him some tea now, he'll be wondering where I am.
Yeah.
Well us usually he gets home around half five.
so it's getting on now though is n't it?
Yeah, so er, he would n't of know you see, cos I only found out today, I would n't of, I have n't had a chance to tell him that I was coming here, but I thought well I'd call on me way home and see how you are.
Yes.
Ah.
you'd better sign a.
for me, no he'll be alright, have a nice bit of tea, so I will.
It's alright, I'll look out for you in the Pentam.
Ooh that was the.
lovely, I've put lipstick all.
over these nurses.
will be talking about you.
You, you look after yourself.
and hopefully I will be in the Pentam when you come down.
Yes.
or if you can tell Barry when you're coming I'll be definitely in there to see you, how's that?
Alright.
you look after yourself.
Enjoy your tea.
Enjoy your tea.
Alright ta ta sweetheart.
Bye Trev.
Hello!
Look the dog's.
You been polishing your brass on your door?
Yeah! door.
Mind you, you have n't got all the traffic like we have.
Shut up!
Hiya dogs!
No.
Hiya!
Oh!
Ooh you're good dogs!
Ooh.
You are looking beautiful!
Go on, in there!
Go on then!
Ohhh what have done to this little dog!
Look at his little!
Well!
Good God!
It's some weight innit?
It's a door stop is it?
Well!
You must n't have Goosey Lucy No!
What's the smell in here?
What have you had for your tea?
Why?
You lucky dogs!
Little chews!
Oh shit, I have n't bought any scissors!
Oh and Mike still has n't been fo for today at work.
You'll love that Caroline, I did n't give it a thought I'm sorry?
I took them to work to clean my nails!
Oh aye!
Cleaned all the snot out you know!
Erm you've got a nice smell, what have you for your tea?
Mm!
No!
Yeah.
Ooh yeah!
You do n't!
Pot pourri, with a loo brush now!
Smells nice!
Yeah!
Yeah.
Looks like toothpaste.
Mm!
Cos I got, er when I bought my pot pourri there was a little bottle or more like oil, you know, like how your mum.
has?
Erm and I had that, but I've used the last of that to be honest.
I could do with a bit more.
Yeah.
No.
Er, smells.
of blackcurrant the one that I've got.

Good God!
Does n't sound so good!
Yeah.
Just a very flat one, yeah.
And I've started not having any to be honest.

Oh!
I do n't think, there's more than, you take two each.
I could n't back to, like I always used to have two erm but oh I could n't go back to that!
Sometimes now if I if I'm not careful and put a bit too much.
Oh!
It's just.
you get used to it do n't you?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And you can taste the difference can you?
Oh you've took your things off your fridge?
Oh dog!
Oh dog!
How's your mum and dad?
There's no need to be like that!
Go on!
Your mum knows you are!
Your mum knows!
Ohhhh!
God!
Yeah.
What's behind this cupboard?
Oh right!
It was a piece of thing and it screwed up.
Oh right!
Oh, what a!
Controlled it, I was going to sneeze!
When did they come?
Did you have anybody that weekend when you rung on a Saturday?
Mm.
Yeah.
No.
Well no.
Well they will not.
Well that's often the way is n't it?
Well I mean you could imagine them loving it!
You know, I mean I ca n't imagine anybody coming round and not thinking it's lovely cos you've got it spot on!
Have n't they?
Oh!
Good though innit?
Oh!
The wicker ones they've been thrown out have they?
The wicker basket thing have you?
What are you like!
Yeah.
Oh!
My laddie's got one of them like brown, very tough plastic.
ones.
That's right, yeah.
Ay, is Pip alright?
She bit the postman did n't she, is it or somebody, the milkman or somebody?
Yeah.
The little madam!
Erm the.
the postman I think it.
was.
Yeah.
Oh.
Yeah.
Oh my God!
Yeah.
Or I mean I think he's, she's bitten him before, if he had any sense he'd leave them at the gate or something, I mean somebody would go for them.
Wha, silly fool!
No sympathy with people like that!
And the best laugh is erm my mum, like, with Laddie like Laddie would n't hurt a fly and she can hear the postman sometimes, my mum get back!
Get back!
Get back!
Just cos he's barking like a welcome.
And er, he's petrified, well that's no way to talk to a dog and if you're gon na start off being aggressive they're gon na go for you you sho.
The postman!
Petrified of Laddie, good God almighty!
Well my mum sees loads of dogs and that and she just, good boy, good boy!
Yo, I mean if you ignore them practically they're alright.
Give it up.
I'm going mad!
I have.
The what?
To see where what's gone?
Oh!
You have.
I'll bloody well tell Nicole!
They're not, they're real.
They're real.
Do n't do any housework!
They're not!
I'm growing them for the wedding, they'll have to get cut because I break them.
But I, they are real these.
Then they grows a lot and they all break.
I've always had strong nails.
They do n't grow very nice shape.
I keep saying when they get sort of quite long that I'll have them properly shaped and.
whether they'd stay in the right shape or not.
Yeah.
That's how Susan's got, Susan's are so bloody thick you know!
And they curl right over, ooh!
She's got back from er, Tunisia.
I have n't spoke to her, I meant to ring her today but it's been all bloody go!
Erm but she's had a nice time.
But I told you on the phone did n't I, it rained and.
whether she'll have much of a tan or not, I do n't know.
I do n't think she was that bothered, I'd be annoyed, like!
I do n't mind, I would n't of minded it a bit dull to start off erm and it would of probably done her good cos she was n't used to it.
You'd be a bit pissed off would n't you?
If it did n't if you did n't have any sun.
But, you were saying erm your dad's mum and dad had been.
and it was raining.
Cyprus, did you tell me?
Oh was it?
Oh!
And they'd had rain had n't they?
And no end of people!
Erm.
Yeah.
Well Susan would have been home now.
You've asked me this before, it was a fast tan.
Yeah.
Oh or was it?
Yes, it was you.
Er.
I went every day.

I started off qua, er quarter of an hour so half ha, it was only one of these things that goes over the top.
I just did half and half and then I built up with the second couple of days then I did twenty minutes and then by the end of the week I went twenty five minutes half an hour.
And er.
just built it up from there.
I think I had it for about six or, six or seven weeks, something like that.
Cos I had it for a month, cos I did n't know whether I was gon na like it, I'd never been on one before and er I'd heard Judith say that you could feel claustrophobic, you know, with it over you.
but, so I said oh I'll have it for a month and then I'll tell you then whether.
I want it extended and that was fine.
But when I rung to take it, for them to take it back they had a special offer on and it was twelve weeks for forty pu, pa, you know, were doing it cheap.
cheaper than what I'd had it for but I mean they always do something like that.
do n't they?
You can guarantee it!
Erm I'd have one aga, I mean, I wa I wanted mine for Alan's wedding so I could have a nice tan for, with my suit.
Erm cos I'd always said ooh I would n't ever have a sunbed and all that, but I did in the end, cos we were n't gon na go anywhere so.
and, like I said I mean anyway if you've got a tan.
you can wear your nice summer clothes I'd hate white legs!
Erm and I dunno, you just feel better, you feel good, you do.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, this one, you could store it up on it's own.
but.
That's it!
Yeah.
No, well like I said I mean I did n't think mine had tanned me that much until I saw the photos from Alan's wedding, I was like a nigger.
Erm but he was a good chap, this one, he come and delivered it, set it up and.
all the rest of it.
It's the one on er, the Aston Hill by.
the plaque.
Erm but like, ideally, I said oh yes we can have it in the spare room, well there was that much rubbish in there clothes and God knows what else I ended up having it on our bed well it every time you wanted it you had pull it out, and they're bloody heavy!
It was.
on casters but the wheels.
were n't much cop!
So it was a bit of a pain but.
Yeah.
because you have to wear the goggle.
things and mine kept steaming up.
Erm so it's a bit of a I kept falling asleep.
Yeah.
That's it!
It's alri, like Judith has got her own.
and every night she'd be on it!
She'd be in the bath, on the sunbed, and you know, out like on a Friday night that was her, bath, sunbed.
out she'd go like.
But I mean she did n't hers was n't fast tan one.
Well she never looked brown all the time, do you know, I do n't think it affected her after a while.
I think it was just the thought that she'd been on it you know, and a nice bit of heat and everything, relaxing.
The first time I had mine I was falling asleep and does a big click when it.
wohhh!
And I.
used to bang my head on the bloody thing!
With.
Yeah.
It's not straight off.
Horrible!
Yeah.
Mike come up a few times.
Said ay what are you doing?
Said nothing!
He said you've been up here an hour and half!
I said, oh I'd only have the timer and it let's you do half an hour at a time.
so you ca n't fry.
And er I'd fallen asleep, it had clicked off and I was still asleep!
But er he went on it a couple of times could n't did n't like.
Yeah.
Oh I was out like a light!
But on the I do n't think you'd bloody wake me if I had one now!
I've been terrible!
Nine o'clock and I'd have to go to bed!
Dunno what's wrong with me!
And it's just not like me, I'd just be feeling tired all the time.
Where's Win tonight?
Er where did I do you last time?
Nearer the light.
Can we shift this table a bit that way or other way.
Erm, what was I gon na say, oh aye, Mike said to say to tell Win.
to remind him about the cars.
I said I've reminded him once!
When they get the time he'll be, turn up sometime.
And so anyway, he's bringing the money round sometime next week.
Yeah.
He's frightened.
to do.
Oh.
He's been made up this morning, he's had a big tax rebate, fifteen hundred quid!
Mm.
Tax re, yeah.
The cat that's got the cream!
Do, let me just drink this and I'll do you.
Oh!
You're busy in work then?
Who was the feller that answered the phone?
I'd got through to a girl I said extension two three six and then oh and the feller said er.
Oh!
Two three three.
Oh.
Pretty much.

Is he a newish bod?
Oh!
He's not he one that took this warehouse coordinator job?
Oh has he?
Did n't he?
Mm!
What, they thought he was too good or he thought he was too good?
Oh right!
Oh he's the one that was a bit flap.
Oh right.
Do you put a lot of conditioner in your hair?
Well it just feels sort of.
Oh it's done really good!
No, looks as though they've done you some sort of.
Okay.
Yeah, and there was the last time I cut it I remember.
Cos there was already a a difference.
Yeah.
Why who told you that, Wayne?
Yeah, cos like these bits as well, like some.
of those are your fringe bits growing down are n't they?
So that they make it as though, as though it does n't just go fringe and then down, it sort of.
a little bit.
stepped.
Are you gon na, gon na put a towel round you just there?
Shall I get a tea towel or a real towel do you want?
Nice tins them!
They're quite nice!
Mm!
Mm mm?
Mm mm!
Well why do n't I not take anything off the side?
Mm.
Yeah, I see what she means.
So that's what.
you want the back the same length as the side?
There's that much.
Mm.
Yo, to get it the same as the sides.
you'd need to take a good half inch.
Not if I take a quarter of a inch.
I'll just trim the very dead ends off the side there.
And this one.
I mean it does n't look bad all over really.
You know er there's no tatty ends as such.
Ah yeah but it makes quite a difference though.
Have you?
Had n't she had that then?
I wonder whether she'll do a bit of you know, going round?
She might, she could take the baby.
Did she?
Yeah.
Well I I want mine permed really for the wedding.
I fancy one of these spirally type perms.

It's just the way they roll the curler on so I've been told but erm whether it's simple as that or not I do n't know.
Mm.
You know, like they'd have to put a bit of a twist in it I suppose.
So it sort of comes out sort of ringlets.
rather than a curl.
I dunno, I'm gon na try and see if er if Sarah will do it for me.
You know the the?
See if she'll do it.
Yeah, she's with er, Raymond and Jason.
But I would n't go to them.
really but seeing as I know her erm I thought I might give her a ring.
Yeah.
Looks really, very nice.
Yeah.
I just do n't like where it is!
It's on the common in Buckley.
Erm well it's not sort of by itself, you know it's er surrounded by houses re, lovely houses, you know that are.
big er, detached houses that have not long been built as well but to me, I ca n't see there being much privacy.
Or at least, not until they've planted you know, shrubbery and.
what have you.
But erm they're going through a bit of a would n't say a bad patch but with living with their mum, with their.
mum for so long it's driving Dale round the bend!
Well that's it!
And she's in her element like, with her mum, because.
with er the dad being dead.
she's been you know, used to being with her mum, I suppose she felt even closer than any normal you know, relationship.
But er it's taking it's, taking it's toll on him.
They're alright.
Alan rung me the other day.
But er perhaps he did n't no, cos did I, did I call?
No.
No, he rung up said how you doing, alright?
He says yeah, fine.
I told you he spewed up on Sandra did n't I?
Well they were going out.
At home, you know in Lichfield.
They'd been out and er I do n't know who they'd been with like but he must of had a bit to drink.
Anyway he woke up in the middle of the night, sat up and spewed up all over Sandra!
Said you dirty little bastard I said!
If Mike had even got a bit on me I said I'd have bloody killed him!
I said it'd be divorce, grounds for divorce that, I said I would n't have that!
She had to get up and wash her hair and urgh!
The dirty git!
I said I bet you were popular.
Yeah.
I do n't know quite what she's doing.
Some little county or something like that.
Westminster.
So er, yeah so he rung up.
said oh he's not here I said, he working.
Oh I said I'm coming up we're just on our way.
I said oh I said we're going up to my mums.
Oh it was the dancing school.
Said it was a fortnight ago and.
er, I said if it had been a normal Saturday I said we'd have cancelled that you know, we'd have met you in Duffley but er, I said my mum's supposed to be dancing.
So erm you know, I ca n't do much about it.
Oh never mind, he said you'll have come down here, I said yeah.
No.
Mikes been down before though.
Sometimes.
Erm so then so we sort of finished off having a chat, he said, oh we'll see you when we see you.
So I went back into the spare room, I was doing some ironing which was on the you know and the next minute the phone went!
Oh bloody hell it's like a mad house here!
Anyway, I went to the phone hello!
Hello!
Alan?
Oh, he said I've done the wrong number!
I said who you trying to get, Daisy?
He said ooh yes, he said oh, I said God, I said you must just remember that this is the number you've just bloody dialled!
No, he said I did n't!
Ooh there's one for you, Mandy's pregnant!
Yeah!
I knew she would be.
As soon they come back I reckon it was conceived when they went skiing in the week.
What does Daisy have to say?
I have n't seen, we have n't seen them.
We've only heard via the grapevine.
So er I reckon she just want a skive from work to be honest!
She said bef, you know, she said before oh yeah, you know, when we've been having a joke she said oh God I could do with a break from work she said, oh yeah!
Not much of a reason is it, to er.
Yeah, I reckon you wan na grow these sides down properly now and stop twiddling with them!
That's not bad.
And erm when Glenys is back on the scene get her to level it all out for you.
So she wanted it really dead level in the front I reckon you'll need a whole inch off your back here.
It's nice and thick though.
And you have n't got that twiddly bit any more where your head used to go.
You know, when you get up in the morning.
I do n't think I'm gon na take any more off to be honest.
Twiddly bit off there.
Yeah.
Yeah I mean, like this bit here is very white blonde as well.
You know, your hair li, I suppose this has dried as well.
because you cos it's been by your face like, the back's still wet.
But erm it's a different texture like, with the colour as well.
So the next time you have it streaked do n't tell them to keep those bits out of it.
No, when you just have your roots done.
she does n't touch these bits with.
does she?
Yeah.
Cos it's a lighter colour there.
And then it's a lighter colour.
all different colours like a tiger.
Yeah.
Erm you're gon na have to.
What you doing with the fringe then, just that'd be like fringe.
No.
!
I hardly cut it shape the ends.
No your fringe is like erm dry like the sides is n't it?
You've been cutting have n't you?
I'm sure you would n't dare as well.
You're alright, yo you only just make.
Do you have your washer on every day?
Have you got a mirror here?
I'll show it you.
What do you want?
No.
Do you see much of Stevie and Karen?
Mm mm.
So he often enough does he?
Mm.
How old is he now?
So he's young?
Go on the beach?
Really?
But though?
Ay?
Yeah but I think they should.
Twenty one again is n't he?
Your friend talks a lot about them now do n't you?
Or something like that.
Ay?
That er I thought that was quite good that innit?
Go and put some bi bit of mousse on it now.
And then you can it for me.
Are you gon na go up?
gon na do and let?
If we can work it.
Well it's falling apart innit?
Well could of had a new one.
Ooh sorry!
Bloody hell!
Is it in here?
What do I want now, mousse.
Ooh you are good dogs!
You are good dogs!
Have a quick hoover.
Hoover the bits of hair.
You'll have to move from there my sweetheart.
Oh God where's the bloody thing on there?
That'll do.
That'll do, dogs!
Good God almighty, there's a thing!
Is n't it?
There's a bloody thing!
Yeah!
It does n't stay up when you.
Actually I've moved it a bit too far that way have I?
Okay?
That's bet, better.
Oh you'll have to come over here.
by the dog.
Oh is it?
It's a bit professional this is n't it?
Big shot.
Is this a new one?
Yeah well.
Ooh!
No ta!
Oh my God!
What do you expect!
Ay, I'm not very good at the old styling lark, I'll say.
Put that there so what?
Hello!
Ooh ooh ooh!
Oh what have you done to it?
Well it's all over the place now!
Now, how do we do this then?
Erm.
I never use a hair dryer any more.
Oh Christ, I'm not very good at this!
I do n't wan na pull you!
Oh hang on, I ca n't do that!
I'll have to do it like this.
They always kept the the brush moving and that do n't they?
Well I do n't.
I'll have to do it like this!
Tell me if it gets too hot on your head.
Well it probably is.
So have you got to, is that burning or.
Too hot?
So do you think?
So you still have n't been to see this house in are you?
Your not gon na tempt fate?
Do n't ooh!
Er nearly took off then!
Erm you go down a bit of a lane and it's gets you on the through road does n't it?
Yeah.
A pool.
Oh they love it!
Are you going?
Is there much water in it?
Well I do n't know whether this will like impress Win when he gets in.
No, I must admit your hair is looking a lot thicker and healthier.
We have lift off!
?
It's alright, is it blowing?
Oh God, I do n't know how all the hair, how hairdressers could stick doing other people's ha, I think your i, your own is so much easier to do because you ac, you do it your own way.
That's it.
I'd be too damn anyway, I would!
Hot?
Really?
Well this should of done.
Oh the.
Oh!
Oh!
You what?
Yeah.
Oh good God, very nice!
That's when we're to help out with?
Mm mm, yeah.
Laddie used to be like that did n't he?
You know, when his and.
nudging you.
How are they, your nan and granddad, alright?
Seems ages since I saw them.
It was new year or.
Christmas was n't it?
New year.
Yeah, I went with you did n't I?
I had my Santa's hat on.
We came with you, what were we doing?
You said you were going to your mums for something.
and I come with you.
Aye, that's right.
Oh what's she been chewing?
Oh I thought it was chewing gum!
Laddie hates it!
He tries to bite.
Oh!
She's a big softy is n't she?
How old is she now, four?
!
Ay how did you get on that er oh wait till I've finished this bit.
How did you get on that Friday we went to Chester?
And you Winny's things, did he like them?
Was he?
Ooh!
Exactly what you said he'd say!
And how did you get on on your night out the fo this Friday night?
Was it?
Where do you go?
You meeting in the Falcon were n't you?
Yeah.
, bloody hell!
Oh that's pretty!
Ooh she's beauty!
Ooh a little punky I was laughing at the sheep up at my mums tha over the weekend, they had that many you know they get branded well.
they had green, they had red and everything.
they look like punk sheep!
Right what do you put a bit on and then erm dry it with a hairdryer.
Oh this'll be a good idea!
Right, we'll do this.
What we're doing?
We're gon na make it stay.
So as that you do n't, you wo n't even have to run your brush through it in the morning, how's that?
Right.

It's!
Oh!
Ooh that's nice!
!
Has it worked?
Oh yes, I've cracked it!
Oh love it!
We're onto a winner now.
I think I might dye my hair blonde you know.
Do you think it will suit me?
Werhh hoo hoo.
Just you make up for it.
lately, so.
How are you?
Erm no I do n't think I have actually.
No so.
You'll have to have a go at them with all these rabbits!
I've said no.
Oh oh gosh!
What you talking about me?
I was here.
Your worst nightmare's come true!
What did they say?
And what did Mick say?
It's er the wedding that causing the problem is n't it?
That's the ultimate.
Just wanted the horse and trap basically!
When I woke up I did n't really wan na go!
I went.
Do n't you just hate it when that happens!
Do n't you just!
Yes.

That bin's getting on my wick!
I saw Peter last night.
I said bloody hell do n't you dare bring him in!
He says, I've been about, he said I see you still sleep in your bed, but you're not putting them bloody pistachios!
we used to eat loads of them and er keep all the shells and then put a few in everybody's bins, so as they're not pissed off!
Well it's boring just putting them all in the the same one, innit?
Oh God!
We're gon na meet Graham today!
Bastard!
He's in Manchester today and.
He's not!
We asked him that.
Well I'm just.
Well you'd laugh if you see my girlfriend!
. Have you crossed this outside?
Yeah.
Oh not,.
How do you spell work!
Here are, lots of new know about.
Thank you.
But he's coming back later.
Oh!
Come on!
We want to get those.
I know!
No.
Definitely!
Denise has got one of those as well though ai n't she?
What?
Money!
Yeah.
Nineteen ninety two.
I'll do any notices announcing police officers.
You could of said!
You'd better hope and pray that you wake someday into your own.
Do n't like smoking.
Mm mm!
Okay!
So.
So what bit is okay is n't it?
No?
No.
Aha!
Missed that.
Had read poisoned er located on the murderers in the area around.
Come on!
The will be O seven hundred, two nineteen hundred hours.
Mm mm mm mm, service station, mhm mm.
Behalf of the Welsh Police of Swithra Cymbra.
Stop swearing!
Mm mm mm.
Agreed with the Chief Superintendent?
Ah!
I do n't know whether that is what he's gon na be called.
The police officers at the service station which is course of action.
That's still the same, the nineteen seventy four road traffic act, that has n't been updated that we know of.
Mm mm, mm mm mm,.
Ooh ooh hoo hoo!
All located on two lane roads when no bike has.
Correct?
Mhm.
It is essential therefore, the true, mm mm mm into reverse, mhm mm mm even in time.
Okay!
Right.
Morning Billy!
Morning!
Early bird?
Half past nine?
It is for you.
Right, each service station will have a supervisor.
aye, what the survey, stroke, site manager.
I reckon that one should be sur survey stroke supervisor it should be.
Survey manager, stroke survey.
Mm.
Because it's the.
Well no, I do n't think we need to put stroke supervisor, ah?
We're gon na be the survey manager and not.
Well that's gon na be.
su they maybe.
Survey.
Survey manager.
And survey manager is above supervisor so in a way then.
Okay.
You know, it's not worth erm so the last paragraph that you find is twenty nine.
We could just put manager could n't we?
Or advisor, manager could n't we?

Service.
catered and designed.
How old is he?
How about that.
The survey manager has located and designed the survey stations in the Chief Superintendent or whether he's had them built.
That covers it dunnit?
Oh erm.
I was gon na say is it necessary to put and will be at the survey site at all times to ensure a smooth operation.
Well it's.
Got ta say it up there does n't it?
it's got ta go up there so.
Yeah.
I do n't think you need it in.
And that's it for that innit?
There should be some more there.
Hello!
Yeah.
I'm.
that's a special one!
Ooh why thank you!

No, that's the fax machine.
Yes, fuck off!
It's up on the poster here as well.
It's Chris and then.
Just writing something.

Around A Audbury.
And others I could mention!
Right so that's.
Yeah.
Well then.
Erm.
The local.
Yeah.
bus company and emergency services have been informed of the survey as well as local members of parliament.
And then we need members.
of parliament.
All local bus company.
No.
Mine's just reading the emergency services have been informed of the surveys.
Erm.
Mike, shall I put stroke in there?
And I put erm I just, areas.
Survey managers, right.
We can always change it, managers whenever.
What I'll do is er those out and actually have them as a you know, usually they they do n't have that fly sheet on, that's.
No.
an inquisities for the report.
What I think it, what makes it good erm, is that so we could er lift the paper out and.
No, I'll that, we'll just type it in again.
But I'll take the originals cos it's on there before.
Aha.
So we'll copy that, or we'll have to change it to survey manager, this one anyway.
And I think when it says notes for supervisor, we can just put manager down there.
And.
Manager.
,.
and, yeah.
What have you got?
Ay?
I crossed it out because I.
And it does n't.
I thought that was okay, what you'd done?
I crossed it out because I thought it was gon na say cos I thought it said, survey managers are instructed to work at all times.

equal to supervisor so I crossed that out and then I realised that it said intervene.
Erm well no, no.
Oh!
Thought it would.
That's er Di diddle di dee dee dee dee der is n't it?
Direct Line.
Oh.
Which one was that?
You know, with the little car jumping up?
Something Direct.
I thought it was called that.
It's not Direct Line it's something Direct.
That's it.
Is it?
Yeah.
Why ever not?
What?
So what do you do?
I'll take the.
Er er er!

G.

Ah?
I've done this before.
Have you?
Oh!
Bloody hell!
What a!

Pardon?
Probably went down too much.
Down?
Do n't want.
No, you're alright.
Then erm.
That's.
better.
We should draw a.
Mm.
Yeah.
Cos they ai n't gon na get none!
I mean, it's a bit easier with, cos everyone's done it before and you all know what you're doing.
Mm.
Have to be a like a hawk on mine!
Mm!
Yes,.
bee um bum bum.
You look tired Tine.
, hello!
Hi!
Sorry?
Yeah.
Monday?
Give us a clue Billy?
Oh!
No I did n't.
Oh well done!
Well done!
What you getting?
Brand new?
Well?
Mhm.
Mhm.
Well congratulations!
Er I ca n't say.
No!
Are you coming back?
Erm, yes and no.
No, er it's not closed it's left open.
Well I think everyone's finished anyway.
Is it?
Ha!
Is it?
Mhm.
So have you got a nice to go with this promotion?
Mhm.
Oh God!
Alright.
Mm.
Where's your two front teeth?
Sorry!
Mhm, course it does.
Are they going to increase your wage a after the recession?
You got a clause saying that?
Well you wan na get it in writing!
Well I would try and get something to that effect in writing.
Yeah!
Yeah.
Where are the other?
You should n't have given it!
Mhm.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Mhm.
You are kidding!
Mhm.
Mhm.
Mhm.
Why?
What have you done?
Ah, I see!
No.
Why? mm, possibly now.
You sound different.
To rest.
No news of him at all?
Aha.
Get out!
That's alright.
Just do n't have an accident!
Right, that's a good job done there!
Well it could be.
Wait until I've seen if Will's got his.
Well if Will has n't got his it means they have n't been issued.
Have you sent a letter of confirmation to Mr?
No.
That's on the list here.
I'll ring him today and tell him.
Mhm.
And er he can wait if you have n't done.
no.
Does he have to give him a quote before you.
ay?
Does he have to give you a quote?
No, cos we know his.
Yes.
Not got a as well.
We'll know more about er, to it.
Okay.
I've got ta try and do my figures.
Oh no!
Okay.
Right.
Mhm.
Okay.
Actually I mean my mammy's not very good.
I can imagine them doing it now for all it's worth.
The, did they have a piece and you cut off the bottom?
No.
No, they had to have it with them at on the.
Yeah.
Right, well I'm sure.
Yeah.
they put four two nine.
Forty two pound twenty nine.
That's still four two nine six that innit?
And it's still four two nine six.
But the report's called six three five.

I've got ta do the books for those files on Sunday so I'll, I've had to leave.
it till then.
That'd make more sense would n't it?
Cos I'm going through the document, er.
documents issues.
Down what?
So, required.
Oh!
Okay then.
Mhm.
Okay.
Right.
You going home now?
Yep.
Yeah.
This one.
Hi Bob!
I need to know as soon as possible now whether we can do these surveys or not so I can fill the policies in.
So as soon as you can let us know, I'd be grateful.
I hate that!
I'll phone you Thursday night all night,.
Who Bob?
He's going to Yeah.
Mm.
It's three quarters of an hour when I was at mum's.
Yeah, it's annoying when they say they're gon na ring is n't it?
I mean, er, I've got this Jean hanging on.
Mm.
She'll be there wo n't she?
She's dangling!
dangling, ay?
I just ca n't go ho oh oh mm mm mm, mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm, mm mm mm mm.
Bless you!
Oh!
Actually Jim erm.
we've got a feller that we use for, he's seventy odd!
George.
George.
Why?
Well this feller that rung me was sixty three.
So!
No, we wo, we were just saying like that it's a shame because like maybe some of them have been made redundant or.
Oh I see!
Yeah.
Yeah.
and Bev was saying do you get more men than women?
And I said, well it used to be.
Normally.
But it's all women!
More women.
Well, yeah it was.
But now more and more maybe cos they're taking early retirement or getting made redundant I mean it's the fellers is n't it?
Yes.
So that's not going?
Get them go and look at.
You what Jan?
You know when we're going to look at the four forty five I may as well get book four two nine six seven.
Or, perhaps we could just think of something between us.
Oh yeah, I do n't see why not.
I'm sure we could er put our heads together and come up with something.
Mm, heaven!
Ah!
Now this Miss.
What's Mr like to get hold of these days, during the day?
Er afternoon's dodgy Morning's alright.
Cheers.
Have you got an address close to it?
Yep.
Oh I've knocked it off.
Some something better than erm the Daniel one.
Did you hear about that?
Permanent.
No.
letters.
Have you got you want a.
Yeah.
I, I've got these letters out of here to be honest.
It's almost on one.
Mhm.
And er get her the confirmation one she wants.
And erm yeah that's it.
Put all that on for the attention of Mr Ray.
I had a phone call from so she said to me come down to the admin, so I went down and she'd opened the letter and give it back to us.
The post.
What a stupid.
So I took it home and stuck it under the door.
And have we done anything?
No.
Well it had department erm Frank.
And Chris the tomboy!
that address and for the attention of Mr Ray And it arrived back to us!
Oh this chair.
Can I copy from?
No you bloody ca n't copy!
God you're so cheeky, you!
I'm not gon na have them going to Ormskirk Mm.
Mm!
What a cheeky, young, person!
You copy the ones from to these did n't you?
I did not!
Those are, pull out of my own head those are!

No!
Did actually.
Eighty?
Yeah.
Mm mm mm, mm mm mm mm.
Do n't keep them all in my feet!
I do.
Wilf is going to be, Sergeant.
Mm.
You just wanted write his name did n't you?
Well I suppose so really.
But if you know them why should you put Dear sir?
Well it's true.
I see what you mean.
Does seem a bit silly does n't it?
Here, that's innit?
Just, I do n't believe my luck!.
What?
Oh!
Put your phone down.
Sorry mum, I thought you you was out still.
Oh!
You all set then?
Dad pack all his gear did he?
Mhm.
Mhm.
Good stuff!
And here.
Yeah.
Quite an expanse of blue sky.
Well.
Yeah.
Oh yeah!
Mhm.
Ca n't be bad!
They rain all the time.
Mhm.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Been a busy little bee.
Mhm.
And you mum I've got yeah, will do erm I've forgotten what I was gon na say now.
Oh Pat phoned, she does want Jenny to baby-sit.
Okay.
Okay.
m.
