
And I'll see you next, let me just make a note of this, on this form, a green form.
erm it's at forty eight.
can have that, no I do n't want that at er three P M or thereabouts.
I'm just trying to remember everybody in the same afternoon, to collect them all because of about six of them are being done around here.
and so, that'll be great, thanks very much indeed for doing that and I'll give you the gift vouchers next week.
right then we can go and have a purge at Marks and Sparks,.
no you do n't need these.
no right.
I mean if you have a lot of people that come round you're gon na tell them that you're doing it, they might, I do n't.
If you want your do do, go and get it.
say thank you, he's a right little misery when he wakes up ai n't you boy?
Oh, Anthony.
anything else while I'm here?
How about a please.
Yeah take them in the front room then, take them out to erm.
that's it, we're happy for two minutes.
Charlotte's bringing them in, oh he sat there playing I notice his button I presume it must be off his cardigan.
Yeah, I thought what's that white thing down there, oh yeah a button.
mm, he went up about oh, I suppose he went up to bed about half twelve, quarter to one and he got up about quarter to three.
Yeah, he's up there sound-o, and he was up this way, he went up at one and got up about ten minutes after this one, so.
oh I see going to the cupboards are you?
oh.
So what did you do did you sort out, did they say anything about er, erm.
tea towels?
Paper towels?
Did anything happen, she said.
oh well that's fair enough innit?
There you go.
Pass me his drink please, he's too plain lazy to get it.
I do n't know Charlotte.
Oh what you left this morning?
Yeah I'm not, do n't tell them, I'm not gon na leave them in the sink all day while you decide if you're going to eat it or not.
There you go just a booklet there to fill out.
so this is tape one, side A.
put you down as a stranger shall I?
Sorry.
what would you like to go down as a scrubber?
I never thought of that actually I was thinking of scrubbing the kitchens and that or maybe we would, or maybe we would put that down.
Oh look at that I've lost me pen now, bloody thing's, okay.
occupation?
What's your occupational hazard?
What's the matter in the Oxford Dictionary.

You.
oh I know her, erm secretary.
how do you spell that?
S E C.
Oh yeah, I've never looked at it like that before, yeah, ah, ah.
Ah.
You two, what is going on?
Why do we have this fighting this in the front room.
Ah it depends what his toys are at home.
Well like you say he's probably got.
Yes.
yes.
yes.
Oh you was going to the fridge for that was you?
You want one more do you?
there you are then, you do n't want one?
You want to choose one there, they been very busy, have they been very busy up there the old canteen then?
Alright, a hundred and fifteen?
Oh that's a lot.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
ah, it's got here.
oh, regional accents.
yeah I can put that down ca n't I?
no, that's what I thought.
No.
Oh we've emptied it too much.
Tell you what.
do n't play with these.
Oh yeah I got all your bits then, he has n't had hardly had anything to drink again today he does n't seem to drink, he eats all his food, oh he ate that pudding no problem.
Yeah he loved it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I tell you what you wait until he gets teeth and, and he does bite you.
Oh better take that biscuit tin away before they eat the lot, got that lid, get that and put, have one more and get it in the kitchen Charlotte.
yeah one more and that's enough.
ooh, ah, what she doing?
What is she doing?
and you want the bib and the spoon.
Get off the table.
Right would you take them to the kitchen for me please because I'm putting these bits away.
no you're alright, no you're alright, it's to the truth there's nothing, who put that bag in there, ca n't put it in there, put it right, I'll put it in, in a minute.
Do you think you're gon na be up to me next week or not?
Oh yeah, well you know, just let me know anyway.
Yeah.
right I think all, no bottles out the fridge and that's it.
No, not even, that's all the.
He's only been up since quarter to three.
so I thought you'll probably give him a bottle when you got here anyway, so I was going to give him one, it all depends when he got up and I thought you'll probably give him one so I did n't.
I mean he was so happy playing.
Your what?
yeah.
yeah it could be that.
you only had these two bags did n't we?
it could be that, yeah you've got a drink in there.
Oh you want your coat.
it must of been about Tuesday, it must of been first day.
yeah oh it might be there but then they, they do erm, they do say as they get older they get er fed up with milk and they eat and you know the, they do sometimes.
so.
He did n't drink a lot of it.
Does he?
Now that's yours, now I've lost me.
Do you want it on him.
I'll go and wash this and put it onto his coat.
No.
no.
What's the matter?
What do you say?
Or pardon.
Yeah, well when I got it out the car but, just wash that down.
Yeah you was were n't you till they interrupting.
Yeah.
It is?
call you B B then wo n't we?
Yeah, watch him, leave things there, he has n't had a dirty nappy today so.
you ca n't climb there, Alex has got your.
No I'm not picking you up I'm cleaning Kieran's face.
Erm, if it is the one this morning, I can understand why he has n't done one today.
I know, but he do n't climb on that.
Yeah.
good boy, where's do do?
full cream milk.
It's only half.
calorie stuff innit?
The one that ai n't got full.
Oh what I drink.
oh I do n't have milk anyway.
Kieran do n't do that darling.
Oh, he, he always starts to whinge when I lay him down to do his coat up, he do n't like.
It's Friday again tomorrow.
it goes really quick though does n't it?
He might have a bottle when he get him home.
say the way he was looking at her milk just then, you can have a bottle when you get home are you?
yeah, at home, you erm put that button in your pocket?
Right.
Oh dear they need cleaning do n't they?
oh Kieran.
I've had up to five floating around the house before and then we ca n't find one, no and then two days.
that's where they all are, I've got them.
No I think it's a shame about, it does n't really matter, mm I'm not quite sure Alex.
I do n't know.
what.
oh thank you, take care, yeah I ca n't imagine surprising what you can get over the weekend.
yeah, we should have to put you on the book.
put stranger down.
okay then, see you tomorrow.
see you later, bye.
Charlotte come on, come and watch cartoons.
Charlotte I'm shutting the door it's cold come on.
right, we want.
No T V S.
well after this now, right.
I would n't, it's not very warm.
You put, you gon na put some of these toys away now please?
Ah, ah, no, no.
What about your manners, please and thank you?
Yes I will, hold on.
Hold on.
Yeah, just leave that now, you want a drop of milk now do you Anthony?
Hold on.
here are.
alright, listen, come on, right let's have all these toys tidied up, before the cartoons start come on, alright, you're alright, that's not what we do with toy boxes is it?
That's how accidents happen.
No, this is what we're going to do, we're going to tidy them all up now quietly.
Do n't throw them at the windows.
Careful, that's it, right jump straight in the car then, cos it's open and it'll be warm.
Hang on let me open the doors.
right you get in there.
Charlotte can you get in here and put your seat belt on?
Please.
No you got to sit up here in the car seat love, Charlotte get in or you'll be late.
oh, one, two, three in, oh that's a good boy.
You got hiccoughs?
Right are we in Charlotte?
No can you put your belt on?
Do you want me to do it?
Yeah, okay.
There we go, that's you done, and you young man, cor all strapped in?
Yeah well I'll put my seat belt on in a minute right.
off we go, can you hold that letter?
Well I just wan na stop to post it.
We are going to play group, but we've got ta drive right past the letter box.
Why, cos it's on the way.
Oh you brought your pussy cat did you, did n't you bring your Mickey Mouses?
Alright.
Half his tail's gone?
Oh dear, did someone pull it out then?
Oh never mind.
Yeah, oh it was probably an accident.
Never mind, do n't worry about it.
right what do you think you're gon na do at play school today then, does anybody know?
What do you normally do on a Friday?
do you, that should be fun.
Well you're gon na have plenty to do then are n't you?
Okay, I'll just jump out and post this letter.
oh that's handy, thank you.
Well because the postman had come to empty the letter box, right, so there was no point in mummy putting her letter in cos he'd of just taken it out again.
No not the dustman, the postman.
Why?
Well he takes them to the post office.
then the post office sorts them out.
and gives them to different postmen to take to different houses.
and that's how we all get our letters.
You know mummy gets letters in the morning, mummy and daddy.
well it, now the postman takes it to where it's got to be sorted and they will post it to whoever it has to go to.
I did n't send any money, you never send money through the post Charlotte.
Cos somebody might take it was n't money I sent anyway, just an order form.
There's Pauline and Aaron, shall we go and see them?
No I ca n't just stop right in the middle of the road, I have to park darling, there we go, ooh right next to this car, there's Ian over there right right one, two out you come.
Charlotte do n't just run off and get on the path.
Morning.
Yeah, you.
yeah she always is, it's this one that's not you must be joking Charlotte out the way, do n't be so impatient, oh god, thanks very much right, hang your coat up, hang your coat up, I'll hang your coat up give us your coat.
right come on.
Thanks alright, yeah you, yeah what?
Come on, ah?
Have you got a kiss for me then.
I see you later okay, good girl.
Why what you doing?
Erm, no, but I come in for.
if you want.
What?
Went no, no, it's not, it's not peach melba, right down to the last detail.
Your play school bag?
I do n't know what she's on about, you tell me Kim.
I have n't even gone yet.
Yeah you jump.
right I'll give him a kiss and you.
Listen you told me you ai n't gon na cry this morning, put it this way you wo n't be going to the sweet shop will we?
Come on, come on, I'll see you later.
see you later, I'll see you later, oh you want a kiss?
Now you stop crying oh.
I'll be back in a little while.
I miss you, I miss you.
I do n't know.
Oh no I've got thingy at erm eleven.
well half ten, quarter to eleven.
I do n't know about next week yet, she'll let me know.
Yeah, I'll just move that chair from out the front.
I'm not putting it in where you put it before though cos I had a hell of a job.
I just erm.
yeah, yeah, it makes it easier that way.
Yeah, but I could n't of gone anyway, cos I had too many kids.
Erm I do n't know I have n't been to them for ages now.
because er I ca n't really do much with my two anyway.
so did you get your wardrobes done?
Measured up got any quotes?
Have you?
Oh yeah, yeah.
Oh dear.
Oh that's not bad then.
Three hundred and eighty eight?
What's that to do?
What is that for the actual three hund.
Just the doors no fitting or anything?
Oh.
Yes.
Yeah.
Oh good.
It's speeding I expect.
to get that far.
Oh.
Yeah.
Maybe they just, he just done it so cheap because of the recession I mean.
you can get almost anything done at the moment.
ca n't you?
Well was it all private people then.
or companies?
What even this three hundred and eighty eight?
Well you can always check it out.
make sure it is a genuine it, the, the, he's come from the company and he's not doing it privately or something.
Yeah.
Mm.
Yeah, oh strange is n't it?
Well, yeah, talking of catalogues actually you might know, my two want a beanbag right?
They've got one in Argos but the colours are disgusting and it's twenty pound, you see I went and brought one for Boo Boo, that one from Argos.
and they absconded it, and the dog has n't a hope in hell and also the ones you get for the kids, when you sit in them they sit up like little chairs do n't they?
whereas the dog's one.
lie down on.
and I have n't got them in my club book, any ideas?
Argos has only got the one which is disgusting.
No this is for the kids, I've got the dog, I've got the dog's, but the dog ai n't got it.
Yeah.
Mm.
Do they not do it on a Thursday?
No.
I just wondered cos Argos wanted twenty pound and nineteen ninety nine.
Yeah.
Yeah, but I also got a leaflet for refills as well.
Yeah that's what it's for the dog's bean bag.
so.
I've got the address at home if you want it.
Why is there anything in there?
Oh no, I'm gon na leave that for a bit.
Yeah, due to lack of funds.
Oh, where's my bag then?
Oh god I thought I'd lost it for a minute.
erm.
What's the time?
Half past nine, half past ten.
I normally, let, well, if I put an hour and a half in cos if we're a bit late.
five or ten minutes late, it's cheaper for me to put ten P in than to pay twelve pound ticket.
actually it's twenty pound.
right, I'll just nip over and get it, cos I have n't locked up yet maybe I wo n't I have n't got ten P, I've only got two pennies, just have to make sure back.
Well just in case we're not.
Alright then, I'll accept, I wo n't be a minute.
She's going to look after them for a little while.
so.
well that's right, yeah, in fact I said to her I was expecting a phone call the other morning to say that.
her, her mum was having him, but she had a, her mum had a few things to do, so.
Oh, you ai n't heard no more about applying for the hospital for a job yet then?
Oh ai n't they?
I thought they might of got on and done that.
Mm.
Oh yeah, does n't hurt does it, you've got nothing to lose.
Yeah, do you wan na go in here?
Oh yeah, let's go in there while it's empty.
No, I've been waiting for them to get them cards in I ordered a couple of those cards with the lights at the top for Kieran to take home.
Since I've bleeding asked for them they have n't been in, that was two weeks ago.
Yeah, yeah.
It takes you half an hour to get your card out.
put these on while your hands are warm.
you hold that, oh come on, he normally puts them on straight away.
These are supposed to grow with your hands, I'll tell you what they did n't grow much with Anthony's no.
Hold your hand out, er you used to use er Pampers nappies did n't you?
I bet you did n't know, like I did n't know they were tested on animals.
the gels they put in them.
to stop the wetness seeping through and that the gel, what they do is they shave rabbits, and rub it into their skin, the rashes and that and a couple of rabbits have died from it when they first started testing the stuff.
Yeah and I was watching it on This Morning and what it is it's because most things you've got in your kitchen like myself are all tested on animals and they do n't label it.
I could n't believe it, I was horrified.
I thought my god I use Pampers all the time.
Yeah.
It's not animal tested.
Neither is that other book that I run that whatever.
pronounceable, I've never got the name right.
but I could n't believe it though and they, this woman went under cover into this place and the state of these animals.
these rabbits were.
by the head and all this stuff was put on their eyes to test it.
you know?
It was really horrible.
Okey dokey, oh they've got those in again, mind you I have n't filled up what I've got yet, so.
Do you want to have a look up round here?
Now they ai n't got none.
Yeah.
mm, might get one of them another day.
My one's falling to pieces, always come in handy.
No I wo n't go round there I ca n't be bothered that's all pretty empty that lot innit?
He knows.

Mm, yeah, ideal for putting in a picture for Christmas well I think nothing for me today.
What's that?
Oh yeah.
yeah.
I've got some gardening gloves at home, I have n't had the chance to use them yet, the weather's been so bad.
I ca n't do mine with little one, I got like I'll.
probably do mine tomorrow morning hello Janet.
alright?
Yes so I'll probably do it.
like, I might not do it, I see how I feel.
Really nice, ever so comfortable, yeah I was really pleased I got them.
so I got them, me mum got me some black ones, but they're like, they come right down to the ankles.
so they're nice, I've kept them, so I've got a black and I've got a khaki pair.
erm and I've sent off for some loose fitting ones.
that were eight ninety nine a pair and five ninety nine for a matching top.
erm, that's about it really in here?
They have n't got many cards in here lately you know.
I wanted one for er saying granddad one from the kids and I could n't get a decent one.
when I came in the other day, I might have a look now actually get some Chewitts for the kids go on looking something for myself.
actually I ca n't see what I want.
No.
no, I wo n't, no I just get these for the kids, I might just be tempted to go in there and have a look though, did you eat all your others?
I got them out and me and Tony, well Tony did n't eat many, I sat there and pigged the lot.
I doubt if they have any better cards in now, cos all they had was that.
for granddad, well I ca n't get that from the kids and that's it, that was to my dad so I got him that one in the end.
I went over to the market, cos I came in yesterday erm, did n't like that one, I'm not into dogs, and I went into the market they did n't have nothing either.
I mean, I want something.
that's.
I'll have to go elsewhere and get it.
It is oh my god.
Er, oh is it?
I shall do some pancakes this year, cos the kids are old enough now.
to decide whether they like them or not.
Oh I got.
Yorkshire puddings.
cos erm, they er, I thought well I'd get them then Tony cos he said to me Sunday he said where's the Yorkshire pud then?
I said well it's not worth making all that mixture just for you.
Yes that I did I bought a mix.
but for us lot it made four nice medium size ones.
and then I never ate all mine, and the kids never ate all theirs, so I thought well I get the frozen ones and just get one out each time for Tony stick it in the oven half hour before.
What?
I've got a, er comb, I've got one of those that I use for Anthony at the moment and why brush?
Why not a comb?
Yeah true.
Anthony's hair is quite thick.
You want a small one do n't you?
What about that grey one up the end there or is that too big?
With soft bristles on.
yeah too big ai n't they?
Or they're the right size but they've got the hard bristles.
I tell you what have you.
where was it I saw it now?
Woolworth's they've got some fantastic Easter eggs, no not Woolworth's Robert Cray, they've got a massive great big Kinder egg Easter egg in there.
really pretty it is, I mean it's four ninety five.
my two both dart for them when we went in there.
I thought oh, see I was gon na get a present for Easter, but they've got so much there's.
nothing they really need.
They've probably got a few over here.
Thanks lovely thank you me hands are alright now, they've warmed up.
Yeah they have a lot more choice do n't they?
Yeah okey dokey, I keep looking at that clock there but it's wrong innit?
Yeah.
Mm.
Mm.
What computer he's got?
Oh right.
Well no, we wanted to get one for Charlotte, but erm, I do n't think they'll use them.
Oh yeah yeah that's.
what they use up the school a proper computers, the screens and printouts and mouses and.
I went up the school and had a look at them.
I was talking to a lady about them.
but I've got to discuss it with Tony first.
you see that's what you want, but they're too hard mm, even they're quite prickly.
They're not too bad.
Trouble is though as you say he's not got a lot of hair really has he?
It's straight forward onto his scalp I know what you look, I know what sort you're looking for though.
Let's have a look.
Bloody hell.
Is it as soft as what you think though for him?
That's pretty.
Mind you it might be a bit uncomfortable on the head.
or you can use it as a tie round mhm, what about having, that's a bit harder.
Oh, get it out.
No probably about the softest.
no I think that's harder than that.
no that's there you are, now you ca n't get softer than that.
it's nifty innit?
Oh.
And it's dearer.
No Kieran, do n't pull any of them off you'd think it'd be cheaper if it was smaller would n't you?
Yeah hold on just looking at something right, three little ducks.
A load of different hair things in here ai n't there?
Very expensive in there though is n't it?
A lot of things.
Well now cos places like Superdrug and, and Boots and that are n't er, I mean that's just basically a chemist that innit?
So it should have everything, I still think that it's a bit expensive though.
What about that Ferguson factory closing down then?
I thought that was really sad.
Fifty percent off marked red tickets.
I'm reading all these money things off.
Well I know, but it was sad because in Gosport that was what keep most of them going, I mean like they said none of them have never been on the dole before, they've all been there since they've left school, there was a couple there.
and they'd both been there thirty years since they've left school.
and now they just do n't know what to do, there's no jobs, there's no nothing.
and they said that some of them were thinking of moving, but.
Yeah it's very sad, but, what can you do?
That's why Alex has had to go back to London.
Secretary.
and.
did you know she's a qualified magician as well?
No, she only told me that the other day yeah she is.
so that's two jobs she's qualified for and she ca n't get jobs in either.
I think I'm gon na get a Cadbury's Twirl while I'm here.
I will, I'll get all this change out of my pocket let's get rid of this two, four, five, right, there's twenty five there for one of those, thanks Yeah she's a qualified magician as well.
you know, she was saying there's a girl at work and she's a top qualified chef.
and she's, all she can do is what Alex's doing.
just general cooking and cleaning.
Why's that?
Ah, that's it innit?
The trouble on, the trouble is with a recession on it's an advantage of, oh they've closed down.
that did n't last long did it?
The lease.
You got your.
book, I've got mine.
I did n't notice yesterday, mind you I did n't walk past, yes I did, I must of walked past it.
Bloody hell.
It's terrible innit?
I mean years ago I can remember coming into town and seeing that furniture shop filled with people walking around, every time I go past it now it is empty.
which is why I think a lot of things, places should be able to accommodate for shop owners and reduce their leases while this recession's on.
It's so unfair.
I wo n't half be surprised if they get in this time, I really will.
Well I.
That's right I know, but what can you do?
I mean the way, it, it's happened, I do n't think John Major stands much hope basically.
I hate all this politic business any road, but.
let's face it, whoever gets in, someone's gon na lose out.
What about it?
Oh what they did n't ban it?
I'll go in these doors, I was n't surprised, I did n't think they would, but as this guy said afterwards he said whether you do it now or later he said, within the next five years it's gon na be banned so I think it still will be banned in the end.
I do at the moment, sympathize, that's a nice colour.
I did n't but now I sympathize.
No, that's nice innit?
Just right for around indoors, yes that one's nice to.
I mean if they'd of banned it, there'd of been a lot more people out of work, which is.
probably part of the reason why they did n't for the time being.
I like those jumpers too.
Oh they've got rid of those white ones.
Oh no they're not they've shoved them down there.
are they?
Nine to ten years, oh a bit big for Charlotte oh there Paul, they've got some white ones.
Oh you're a fussy faggot.
what do you expect for two ninety nine.
Oh.
er actually I quite like the lace up ones anyway.
they're three ninety nine though are n't they?
Yeah well nothing's much changed really.
Eh?
Oh yeah.
Mhm.
Oh they, they, oh yeah so they are.
There's a, as I'm speeding them round here, oh one nine, nine, seven, that's Charlie's size as well.
Are they supposed to be like that then, different at the front?
Yeah, ah, I like the new pink ones, and that's for boys.
That'll be just right for on holiday wo n't they?
Yeah, but the thing is right they're sevens and they're gon na be too small for them by the time holiday gets round say September.
that's the trouble.
I'm safe to getting mine sevens yeah.
Mind you when the warmer weather gets here they can wear them anyway.
I do n't know which ones I prefer the purple or the pink.
Mm.
No.
Yeah, they've got these.
Yeah, it clashes.
Oh I like those ones.
thirty seven, ha, do n't get red.
Black and blue?
What, if they ai n't got the size you ca n't.
I think we've gone through all the sevens in the blacks ai n't you?
It's only a five nine, they're nines there, have you got a watch on?
Oh good ah hang on er, three pairs there, seven, six and an eight, right there's two blacks in sevens here, well I'll just have a pair of each, I've only got a fiver in me purse just wondering whether to get black or blue though?
The mauve's quite nice are n't they?
What do you reckon?
I do n't know, they look a bit rough on the front to me they do.
do n't they?
Have n't we got any then?
Hang on they're alright on the front, want another seven do n't you for Aaron?
No.
Mm, yeah I'm not too worried about her socks though but I say I'm gon na have plenty of Marks and Sparks ' vouchers.
Seven?
Oh.
and the white are nice, but they just get dirty too quick.
What have my two got?
I was wondering actually I think I might wait until that dress comes through, I'll try.
Why?
Actually, actually wanted new trainers and they've got them there.
He has been nagging me actually since I threw his others, he threw his others away that when some more came in, but these are alright for girls ai n't they?
Yeah.
I'm gon na leave it cos I ca n't make me mind up.
I think I'll just walk away and leave it Where else did you wan na go?
What's the time then?
Right, we'll scan there and I want to have a look at the computers in there as well.
Okay, is there, I do n't mind getting them shoes, but the thing is with, not knowing what the weather's doing.
you know and it, they do n't need them, say they're both in their ordinary shoes at the moment.
I've also got to be careful because they've got size eights upstairs as well that Robert got them.
and it, oh Dixon's.
it's over there innit?
Going that way and er so you've already booked your holiday time up the hospital then or not?
Not done it yet.
Mm, I said to Tony if we ca n't afford to go I said do n't worry about it, we might just go back down to where we went last year for a week because, it's like I was saying to Joanne this morning, that this year they wo n't, they're not gon na worry whether they do n't go on holiday but next year when Charlotte's at school and got all her school mates saying oh where did you go and.
you know what it's like.
Ah, now that's the sort, they use the old B B C ones up the school and one's manufactured by Acorn.
Just drop him off and go to a canteen.
You just thought you'd ask.
Did n't you go last week?
why?
Mm.
So you had a row.
Ha.
He did.
oh well.
Yeah.
It's annoying that though innit?
Especially if you got ready to go out.
you see, like, I mean I started staying at home on Saturdays and, I do n't do nothing, if Tony comes home and says he wants to go out I get it ready then otherwise I just plan on staying home.
oh I'm not gon na go all to hassle getting organized and he comes home and says he do n't want to go out.
so I do n't do it now till.
he comes home, then it's up to him.
Yeah, well she comes down about twenty to now and has a natter.
erm, have a talk and a laugh and she just stops for a coffee after.
or a talk, well she does n't have to rush home cos there's no one there like.
you know I'm gon na take the kids to see Snow White at the weekend.
up Basingstoke cinema with me mum.
No probably Sunday.
erm.
Mm.
yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, no it would n't be tomorrow because I think my mum's working so.
No I know anything else you need to do?
What's the time?
You wan na browse round Peacock's.
or anywhere else while were here?
Woolworth's, let's go and have a look in Woolworth's.
let's have a look in Woolworth's, I have n't been in there for ages, see what Easter eggs they've got.
erm, oh cut through over there I suppose I was thinking the other day when I worked out that money for Saturday is it, it came to something like two pound eighty when you had Jordan.
and like six pound something when I, and six pound forty when I had Eran, so I thought if we call it six pounds for a Saturday, when you have Jordan I'll give you three pound.
is that alright?
Cos I thought if we round it off both ways.
you know that, a little bit cheaper on your end and a bit more I give you oh what's this stand outside the shop and talk day, carry on over there, so are you happy with that?
I do n't want you not to be happy with it.
you know, say.
Well, yeah, but I do n't want you to sort of like.
Oh yeah, I just did n't want you sort of be short.
at the weekend or something.
you know, erm.
yeah, alright then cos it's just three pound for last week then.
and six pound fifty then week cos I wo n't, you wo n't have them on Monday but if she keeps working it'll be most Mondays anyway.
so all the time I've got him.
now, I do n't know if they've got them ones in here, what they got in here I wonder if my husband will remember to get me one this year?
That'd be a first I can tell you, oh that's a good one innit?
Oh it's only ninety nine P that one though innit?
Yeah.
ninety nine P, no, it's a chocolate Easter egg that's all you get.
Easter egg then just, like you say mainly the packing I suppose, oh they've got some more over here, ah these are my kind, oh they're not bad are they?
Little ones.
eighty nine P.
Mm.
What's that for?
yeah.
Yeah well they said it was rules and regulations.
but they told mum not to worry.
Tut, oh.
Come on then what we having for dinner?
Right do you want some lunch in it Ant?
What?
Just butter?
Yeah see you later Dave.
Here you go.
oh.
Go on then.
See you later.
See you.
See you later Dave.
Right, what else do you want to eat darlings?
You want a piece of cheese?
Oh I think you'd better let mummy do that er.
well the thing is if I do n't do it, there's not gon na be enough there for both of you, if you hack it up darling, anyway I need to use a sharp knife.
Yeah.
Yeah, you both got a big bit there and that gets rid of that then, right who want's erm some tomato sauce?
do you want a bit tomato sauce Ant?
Charlotte do you want a bit of tomato sauce?
Get it off.
yeah I do n't mind as long as you eat what you've got that's all.
Oh what you want your little knife?
And yours.
No it's Sunday today love not on Sunday.
nothing, they're watching a film in there darling, so we're gon na sit out here okay?
Yeah, mummy's going to do the bingo in a minute.
Well I wan na do this bingo first cos granddad's.
got a lot of cards and it takes me a long time to do it.
You want it cut in half?
What cut in half so you can make a sandwich?
Yeah there you go, that's good innit?
Well done.
No it's not on now till next week.
Are you singing mate?
It's alright as long as you eat it.
Yes he will in a minute when he's finished making it, wo n't you Anthony?
Right, would you two like a drink?
You sure you'd like Coke or do you want some orange?
Okay, are you sure, cos you've already had some Coke.
No no put them back in there darling, they're what we got at the pictures.
to see Snow White, did n't we?
Next you wan na go and see Peter Pan?
Cinderella, oh I do n't know when that one's coming down if it comes down to the pictures we'll go and watch it, I'll promise you that, right, who's nicked my cup?
Yeah, hold on let me just go in the other room and see if my cup's in there.
here it is.
Yes love.
Oh well it's there if you want it.
Just what you needed.
Oh right, you've all got drinks and you've all got something to eat, well while you're doing that then I must do these bingo.
Let's put this away, I've got to find a space first.
No what?
Oh I've got to find a space to get to a newspaper, to do the bingo numbers.
Well, just something to nibble on that's savoury and not sweet.
Yeah, but that's sweet rather that one was sweet yeah, cos you can get popcorn.
Yeah, but you can also get it with salt.
mm.
anyway salt's bad for you.
Mm.
Yeah darling but that one was n't with erm.
No that was n't with salt, that was just with erm.
Oh, hang on a minute darling, I've got to do this.
Yeah.
Okay, yeah, but do n't go too mad right, let's get all these bingo cards done, see if we've won this time, I doubt it very much, never won anything in our lives, I ca n't see us starting now.
Are you trying to sing Anthony Mark?
That's enough darling, you do n't want to put too much on it, it's just a waste.
Well put it over there.
Good girl, at least you've eaten it all up.
Yeah.
Mm alright?
Chew it next time.
I know, gon na see if other nan's in tonight are n't we?
Yeah, if we've got time, right, see if mummy can, oh I know what I want before I do that.
it's alright, I just wan na get my head band, mummy's hair's getting long at the front, I must get Sara to cut it.
No yours is okay ai n't got no playschool next week, have we?
Half term.
what's today's date?
Let's see, it ca n't be then, that's dad's birthday, so it must be the twenty third today, look in my little book.
Right twenty.
second, twenty two, who's what darling?
He meant burped.
You did you little piggy so you say pardon.
Oh that's alright then.
What now?
Alright if you say, before I start me bingo.
Careful, careful.
Bring your chair over then and we'll wash your hands, hang on let mummy do it, do n't drag it, good boy, let's run the tap then you can get back to sleep.
get the soap then.
Do n't take too long then cos that water's pretty cold quick then have you eaten that all up Charlotte?
What you putting more sauce on for then?
Oh, well, alright.
Yeah a bit cold, are you gon na dry your hands and I'll put your chair back.
right, bingo, well done Charlotte, what game we on?
Four, one, two.
Yeah.
Mm daddy wo n't be out for a while though he's watching Terminator.
It's got a lot of nasties in it that's why I'm sitting out here looking after you.
Yeah, having some dinner, well we did n't have any did we, cos mummy took you to the pictures with nanny.
Yeah.
Do n't knock the table.
Mm, Charlotte stop rocking the table darling.
Mm.
Well you'll have to get it out the fridge, alright let Charlotte get it cos she's easier to get it than you Ant.
Yeah, get the plate of meat Charlotte good girl, well done.
erm, I want a bit that's not got too much fat on it do n't you?
That's a nice bit.
Yeah, do you want that bit?
Yeah, give me the knife and I'll cut it off.
Yeah I know, but do n't start going off to sleep now, not if you want to see your other nanny.
You want to go and see nanny do n't you?
Oh actually come to think of it.
Good girl, there you go.
When did that happen?
Oh well that's your silly fault then.
You ca n't have a new one.
That's right.
Oh they'll be shut now wo n't they?
Well cos some, everybody has to go home, it's too late for you to be going out now anyway to pictures.
Taking the fatty bits off darling, mummy do n't like the fatty bits either.
stay at granddad's for a little while, while daddy watches that film and then go and see other nanny for a little while, cos you've got no playschool tomorrow so you have n't got to get up early have you?
Not now, no, we're having dinner and I'm doing this bingo for a minute look bring your.
get your pencil.
Run in and ask granddad where they are, but do n't look at the telly, then come out and I'll show you how to do it.
Yeah, it's quite easy.
Mm.
Well come out and get it then, got the pencils have n't you?
Mm.
Take that then do n't spill it.
Vinegar.
Mm.
Right push the door up, push the door up if you've got pencils, good girl.
Right bring the tin round here and I'll find you a pencil right, now bring your Snow White thing round, that's the best one to use, right.
No Anthony's still eating darling, right, now that word there says Doc, D O C which is the name of one of the dwarfs, okay, so in all them letters there is the name Doc, so you've got to look for those three letters D O C alright, so you go along, no let me show you how to do it then.
You go along each line and you find a D there but there's no Os next to it is there?
So you go along to the next D and there's no Os there, so you come down, D, no Os, so you keep going along the lines and every time you get to a D you stop.
That's it, D O C and then all you do is you draw a line around it oh dear, no we want another pencil, this one ai n't gon na work on here is it?
My, see if we can find a pen or something, that one might work, lean on the table cos it'll be easier.
Yeah, right, then you'll scrub that one out like that, cos you've done that one, alright, then you pick another word and you look for it, right look for Grumpy G R U M P Y and you start by going across the top, alright?
You get a nice space to sit down at the table.
Yeah, well what about saying please.
Now do it quietly.
Well, no, er Grumpy.
That one G R U M P Y, right?
Right, you do that and I'll do this.
Hang on, let me just do this game on card.
let me just finish this game.
You have n't finished eating yet.
What about your cheese?
Yeah finish your cheese while mummy's finishing this card and then erm.
Ah well you do it Charlotte you've got to match the letters up, not much good if I've got to stop to keep helping you is it?
The idea is so you can do that while mummy does this.
Thirty five, twenty one, fifty four, sixty nine, twenty, oh, there, five is not there.
Well Charlotte it's not easy, it's gon na take you a long time, but then so.
mm, mm.
We're running out of room on this table.
Where am I gon na move it to?
Push, push it back there, then you can carry on eating if you want to, then you can sit there.
I'm only showing you once darling and then you'll have to do it or else I'll never get me bingo done, alright, you choose a word to look for like Doc.
Right that's D O C and then you look on here and you look for a D O C, when you found it you put a ring around it alright?
Like that.
Yeah, but they do n't join up Charlotte and then you cross and then you cross it out.
Right, so you cross this out and now you've got to look for another word.
it's very hard, if you ca n't do it go to the Snow White picture and colour the picture.
What?
No, we'll, we'll do it together later when mummy's got time to sit and help you alright?
When I've done me bingo.
There you go if I put the pencil there, do n't knock it off though.
Cos you'll drop all your pencils that's why.
Number one I think, no.
Well get another one then.
Yeah, but you've got to have a complete word that matches Charlotte.
Look why do n't you do the colouring for now and then I'll help you do that in a little while when I've done this bingo?
Alright, good girl.
Dwarfs, not Woofs.
No it's not.
not if you do n't move it, it wo n't go in the butter.
Look, why did anybody move it?
Put it down where I left it, put it down, let go Anthony.
It's not in the butter, look, let go and you'll see it's not in the butter, it is over the butter which is alright, now do n't fight.
I do want it Anth.
There's thirty there.
Well.
Well done.
Right.
Oh Anthony sit down before you fall off the chair.
You're doing that hat right, you're doing the wrong hat are n't you?
You're doing the wrong hat to Grumpy to Anth, you're doing the wrong hat for Grumpy.
Bless you.
Bless you.
He might of been taking after Sneezy are n't you?
Anthony sit still you're knocking mummy's arm.
That's Grumpy is n't it?
Ha, I do n't really know darling cos they all look so much alike do n't they?
Yeah, I think that's probably the best idea.
Five three, eight.
What?
I wonder if Aunty Mandy will come down next week?
Have to give her a ring wo n't we Charlie?
Yeah.
What green man?
I do n't know looking at it upside down darling, hang on, oh keep yours, let me look at Anthy's the green one?
Any, hang on Anth oh the green one is for what I can see on the picture, I think the green one is Sleepy.
No it does n't, I think that's just what it was Sleepy darling.
Yes love.
You doing it all green are you?
Where you going with that plate?
Just leave it there in front of him so that he can eat it if he wants it Charlotte.
When I've finished these Bingo cards anyway I'll, I'll give the table a good tidy up so we'll have more room.
Just do n't knock Ant's plate on the floor.
Charlotte why you moving everything?
It was all fine the way it was.
The pencils were alright.
I hope granddad do n't collect no more of these bingo cards I'll never get through doing them all each week for him, I do n't know why we do them eh Charlie he never wins?
What mate?
Bless you.
Bless you.
It does n't matter Charlotte, so long as he colours it in.
I do n't know it's your tin of pencils, have a look.
Oh dear, you have got the sneezes have n't you?
Like Sneezy, yeah.
thirty five there.
So did you enjoy that film at the pictures then?
Well you've finished your dinner have n't you?
Why, what have you got left to eat?
Right I'll put some more on in a moment, hold on let me do this little bit.
both look tired.
I said you both look tired, that's sat in front of that cinema screen all that time.
Yeah, does make you a bit tired when you're watching a big screen like that, it makes your eyes ache after a while, cos you're not used to it, but still you can have a nice lay in tomorrow ca n't you, cos you've got no playschool tomorrow.
so we're all gon na have a nice lay in are n't we?
Mm.
Pardon?
You getting worn out are you?
I'm getting worn out doing this, it's hurting my eyes after going to the pictures and then doing all these bingo cards for granddad.
Oh when daddy's finished we can go you went to see your film now you've got to let daddy watch his.
That's alright though because it does n't, I'm not worried tonight because you can lay in tomorrow cos as I say there's no playschool or gymnastics is there?
Well do n't do it then darling, you do n't have to do it.
just sit down and finish eating your lunch, your dinner.
Cos he's tired ai n't you love?
He likes it all green do n't you Ant?
Jolly good, I think mummy's nearly finished her bingo too.
I do n't know why I bother though cos you never flipping win anything.
If your mother wins anything it'll be a bloody miracle.
We needed eighty five on the last one did n't we?
Forty five.
cor, yeah mate.
Oh yeah I've finished my bingo now.
Who's hat did you forget?
Come here then let's see if we can do the word search.
Do what darling?
Right, I read what it says on here then, okay, you listening?
Still the fairest one of all, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs is back and coming to theatres everywhere, Snow White is a beautiful, captivating and timeless of the day everyone fell in love with her, in the world first full length animated feature.
Filled with the magic and beauty that will continue to thrill audiences for years to come, Snow White tells the story of a beautiful young princess and her jealous step mother the queen.
When the queen plotted to have her killed, Snow White is forced to hide in the forest that surrounds the castle, but not before being noticed by the handsome prince, helped by her animal friends and offered shelter by the lovable seven dwarfs.
she remained hidden from her cruel stepmother, knowing that one day her prince will come, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs is a mor as memorable as the songs that fill the movie.
that fill the movie with music and everyone's heart of joy, with the contagious hit tunes Whistle While you Work, Hi Ho and Some Day My Prince Will Come, you'll be tapping your toes and singing along in no time, let the story telling magic of Walt Disney capture your heart.
in this timeless classic Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
I know, but I've also got to do the tea as well for granddad and daddy and Phillip.
Yeah, no Karen's not here.
Hold on, what?
Okay.
yeah I'll be with you in a minute, hold on.
Yes in a minute.
there we go, I've done that now, right.
Yeah, that's right, I'll just pop the kettle on and then we'll start to find another, oh well done Anthy, well done.
You going to get a different colour pencil and do a different colour little birdies?
I wonder if any birds have eaten any of that erm food yet that's outside in garden at home?
No, we'll have to have a look tomorrow they'd better hurry up and eat though had n't they?
there's some Buttons here do you want some?
No, I'll put them back in here then.
Do you want them or not?
Right who's having which one then?
Right, that's a good choice, okay.
Do you want me to read them?
Alright then.
Alright here we go then, here's Anthony's see saw marjory door, Johnny shall have a new master, he shall have but a penny a day, because he ca n't work any faster and Charlotte is, let's have a look then hey diddle diddle the cat and the fiddle.
Well done darling mm ah.
you really are getting clever are n't you?
Ah, well yes I know you've always known it.
Hold on, let me put some of this away have you two finished with your plates?
Yeah, do you think you've had enough now?
So if we move some of these off the table.
we'll have more room to do our pictures.
We do n't want to go in the other room and watch the nasties do we?
So you've finished Anthony have you?
Good girl.
Charlotte have you finished with your dinner?
If he says no, he says no.
Do n't fight nanny wo n't take your pictures any more, do you want me to open Anthony?
If I do this to opening up.
Okay then, well you do a bit of green then, I'll tidy up and then we'll carry on.
Yeah, let him do it how he wants to Charlotte.
We'll do erm another.
perhaps another of drawing and that and then we've got to erm get pyjamas on.
Well, because then we've got to sort out all our stuff to take home well.
like I say there's no rush cos we have n't got to go, you have n't got school tomorrow.
Do you want me to make you a coffee in a minute?
Eh?
Put more water in then.
Mm, yeah well I will be with you in a minute darling, it's just that I've got a.
Oh what am I doing?
Dish ran away with the spoon.
No, the dish ran away with the spoon, the spoon goes with the dish darling.
I know, but it's a dish that goes away with the spoon love.
I'll be with you in a minute, let me just finish making the tea.
Yeah, oh do n't tip them all over the table sweetheart.
Right, I want a coffee.
Yes.
Well that's alright.
Yeah well do n't get muddled up whose is who.
I do n't want you two fighting over them that's why, you know what you two are like.
You ca n't write your name on them darling.
you just keep hold of yours and Anthony keep hold of his.
On about a spider.
See little Miss Muffet?
Right I've got one more drink to make my dears and then I'll be with you.
You've got Coke, that's your treat each week, cos you do n't have it at home, you only have it on a Sunday.
Yeah they're probably for little Robert darling, but he's not here is he?
He did n't come up Anthy out here.
No but there will be in a minute.
well they're all trying to watch the film sit down.
I know.
Right come on then, you've got to finish your.
right, come on Ant.
right, alright, let's go and see if we can find these words.
Anthy, Anthy, Anthy.
Oh do n't scrape your chair across the floor.
What, why you've been crossing them off?
Where's me pen?
Right.
Okay you did n't cross them off.
okay then, you've got to try and find Bashful.
Well find the letter B and you Anthy.
Are n't you doing it?
Oh alright then.
You've got to find the letter B.
That's a capital B.
Mm.
Is there an A next to it?
A capital A.
What about down there?
Mm, I know what the problem is.
Well there's young children.
hold on.
you're first taught to write in small letters, these crosswords or as they print most crosswords in erm capital letters, and of course you do n't recognize them do you?
You do n't recognize the two different types of As and Bs.
Yeah, but you wo n't find it in there because you do n't recognize the letters darling.
Yes, very well done Anthony.
Mm.
B A S H F U L it's down there, but it's all in capital letters you see, now you've got to find the diamond, which is what they, where did they, where were they looking for diamonds?
do you want the other half?
I've been sat there all evening nobody's eaten it so I thought I might as well get on and eat it.
It's cheesecake dear.
Oh it's not a thick creamy one, it's a home made one innit?
mm?
Half term next week innit mate?
Yeah, right, now we're going to look for diamonds, where were they looking for diamonds?
That's it, no they went to look for diamonds in the cave when they went to work did n't they?
That one.
Yeah.
you've got to find the letter D.
Yeah, then you've got to find the letter I, I think it's there D I A M O N D that's it there look.
Go on then.
Okay love, yeah down there around the D at the bottom and then back up to the D at the top.
I think they saved it for me darling.
Okay.
cross it off down here.
cross it off down there.
Yeah, let me eat this last piece of cheesecake then I can help you.
mm?
Dopey.
Dopey my love.
Do it in pen cos the pencil do n't show up, yeah Dopey, D O P E Y we've got to find.
Yep.
Oh I can see it.
No.
There D O P E Y.
No Charlotte, did I just say there?
D O P E Y.
Yeah.
Yeah D O P E Y.
right now cross Dopey off your list.
Yeah, that's it.
right that's enough, now we're gon na find Grumpy, I can see Grumpy up there look, G R U M P Y.
Yes, G R U M P Y, so you've got to draw a circle round Grumpy.
That's it all the way along to the letter Y.
That's it come round the Y, now go back to the G, start, where you going?
I ca n't see a blinking thing you're doing.
Mm.
Cross it off down there, yeah.
Yeah.
Grumpy there.
You wan na do yours tomorrow do you?
Right, now.
we're gon na look for castle.
We've just done Grumpy, we're gon na do the castle now, do n't point the pen up to your face that's how you get pen on your face.
Yeah castle.
Right, erm.
Yeah.
Yeah there's the, no that's.
there is is C A S T L E.
C A S T L E, there's all wobbly bits in the table is n't there?
Cross castle off.
Yeah, right, so we've done those and we've done Doc so now we've got to find.
no, no, they're all right, got to find dwarfs now.
there is is look D W A R F S.
Cross it.
Yes love.
No I've done it all.
Right cross dwarfs off, that one.
Yeah.
That's it.
now we're gon na find Happy.
Happy.
Yes Anthy.
There it is H A P P Y, you've got the pen ready?
Yeah.
No, see, you do n't watch do you?
Round right now cross Happy off.
No that does n't say Happy does it?
Mm.
Yes darling.
Right, now we're gon na find poison apple and I know where that one is.
along the bottom, the whole bottom line except for the letter T okay?
Go on then, what darling?
Yeah, start from round there.
now go all the way along and around and all the way back and stop.
Cross poison apple off.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Right stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop when you're told.
Right prince.
Alright then, I wo n't help.
Yeah.
What darling?
Where?
No that's right, you've only found the letter P, you've got to find P R.
I can see it.
No.
I was n't gon na draw it.
Just look, I'm not gon na do the circle I'm just gon na demonstrate where it is, P R I N C E, down to the E, hang on I've knocked the pen out.
Start from the P not the N.
No, where's my finger, there, look you do n't watch do you, you, you're so worried about other things, right cross Prince off.
Mind you do n't fall love.
right, queen you've got to find now, that's enough, cor dear, you do n't have to cross it off so you ca n't see it Q U E E N get up on that chair you're giving me headache keeping having to look round.
What are you doing sat up in the high chair?
No we're doing queen with two Es.
Want your Buttons over there?
And your drink?
And your cat?
I would n't darling because that might be a bit grubby.
Right which is, they're Anty's are n't they?
well it wo n't make any difference, I'll give you a dish.
I get you a dish for them.
No you do n't want to tip it out on there cos you get germs darling.
Do you want a dish?
I'll give you a dish, yeah I know, I know you're not to open them but I'm just making sure that you know that they're yours, now do you want a dish or not?
Right.
It's fine if you want to eat them Anthony but do n't moan when Charlotte has hers tomorrow, there you go.
and be careful because.
it's a bit bent, your drink it'll fall.
You ca n't find it?
Queen, right, well first of all.
ah there it is, Q U E E N, right start from there.
Right draw a line along, go round the end.
Yeah, but you're not pointing the pen down, hold the pen up so that it makes the line.
Oh it's hopeless trying to help you innit, you're so independent you wo n't have no one help you and the pen's not coming out, see you're not doing it right I do n't mind helping you, but you've got to let me show you, now go all the way along, round the Q, come round here, come round here, round here, back along, stop.
Right cross queen off.
Yeah.
No, the queen, the top one, you know we're doing the top one, now we're doing Sleepy underneath it.
Yes, S L E E P Y Sleepy this one, not there, that one, okay?
Yes.
No wonder you give me headache sometimes having to repeat every thing tut, right S L E E P Y, right so draw.
a line from that S all the way down to the Y, right round the Y and back up.
Oh well put them in the dish, round and join if up, right now cross off Sleepy.
Yep, right now we're gon na do Sneezy S N E E Z Y, there it is, S N E E Z Y, so start from the S again, come down to the Y, go round the Y and back up to the S, not that wide and go back up, up side, the word Charlotte, alright now cross it off down there.
Now why you crossing Snow White off?
Yes it is, we've just done Sneezy.
Yes, you're not me, oh I hate doing things with you this time of night you've got no concentration have you?
Yeah, even though you've crossed it off, oh that's handy sitting right next to the bin innit?
S N O W H W W H I T E.
Right start from that S and bring your line all the way down to this E, that's it keep coming straight down, m, m, make the pen mark.
the paper.
Now you can cross Snow White off and all we've got left to find is witch, oh, there it is, right go from the W, W, W, from the W, right now come down, oh I'd better help with this one because it's diagonal, I T C.
Right now cross witch off.
You have to get them on, pyjamas on, with the dressing gowns on, you little.
I'll go and get that big bucket.
I tell you what your dad's taken us to playschool to show them at play school wo n't you?
Well show them that you've been to the pictures.
Ah, well sometimes when they make popcorn.
right, popcorn starts off as little, like little brown seedy things and when it gets heated up it all pops up into fluffy white stuff, those little brown bits that nobody ate were the hard little bead things that did n't pop up, sometimes they do n't pop up you see.
Yes because they're not very nice to eat they just get in your teeth I'll rinse these up.
Ah, no, do n't do that Charlotte.
finish that picture I want to put your pyjamas on in a minute.
You'll be able to show them what you had at pictures, wo n't you?
When you go back after half term you'll be able to show Karen and Carol and Mrs.
yeah.
that's right you'll have to show all your friends that you went to the pictures.
Er careful, you gon na save them other Buttons for at home tomorrow?
yeah it's half term tomorrow so there's cartoons on tomorrow.
Alright then, mummy will, mummy will put them on the table?
You want me to put them in the bag?
Oh yeah.
do what, are we gon na sort your pyjamas out now?
Well I think we should.
Yes love.
Well get down and get your jarmies on and then you can get back up there otherwise, if we do n't get them on, and when daddy's ready to go you're not going to have time to go and see your other nanny.
I am watching my love.
You can do it all by yourself can you?
Well done, watch you do n't spill that drink.
Well done Anthony very good.
Well I think you most certainly are.
Oh either yours or Charlotte's.
What now?
No they're Anthony's Charlotte cos you ate yours, your went, your bag went empty cos you had Minstrels in it right are you gon na get up here then?
And you can eat them while I'm getting your pyjamas on.
Yeah, come on then that an idea then?
Yeah you'll have to make sure you give your teeth a thorough clean, get up here.
That's pretty love.
yeah, come on then.
look at your nice posh shirt it's all dirty now, what?
You wo n't be able to do it, it's all buttons, alright.
No do n't just pull it you'll pull the buttons off, not poppers you no, fatty look at you take it off then, no you do n't take your shirt off like that, you take your shirt off like this, that's it, you're a big boy ai n't you?
Yeah you must leave your vest on.
Okay, plonk your bottom down there and we'll undo your shoes.
Oh it's bum is it?
Sorry.
Oh we got your slipper now.
Oh Anthony why ca n't you wait until I've got the other shoe off?
Yeah.
now you've got to get back up again.
as you're warm.
I'll leave your top up, I just get your jarmy bottoms on, I'll leave your top off alright?
Yeah, that's alright you can leave your top off but you must put your bottoms on.
little.
on.
That's the Coke that nan bought you, but we bought you some more did n't we, so we'll save them for tomorrow.
Yeah we bought you the cartons in the picture, Anthy let me do your pyjamas, you know they're there, you know that, what nanny got you?
Get up here, do n't lay them down they might leak all over my books and I will be in trouble.
there stop worrying about everything, do you want any.
You taking these off?
Right.
Of course I'm staying out here until we go home in a minute, that film's nearly finished dad's watching and then we're gon na.
Mm.
That's a good idea, that's why I've sat out here tonight darling, not watched the telly, cos there's a lot of nasties in those sort of films and they're not for little children.
only little children go and see things like Snow White, Peter Pan, Cinderella.
Mm.
when you get bigger you can watch the nasties, yeah, when you get a lot bigger.
One day when you're all grown up, yeah.
one day when you've got the worries of the world to think about.
Yeah.
If we've got a world to live in as they say.
Yeah, cos we've got to do your inhaler as well and we'd better wipe that all that muck off your face, all that tomato sauce.
Yeah I know, but, I'll have to wipe it in a minute.
No I get some tissue.
It's alright I'll do it.
Do your shoes darling please.
did you?
Oh.
No leave your socks on, just take your trousers off, either leave your knickers on or take knickers off it's up to you.
You've got that song on the brain now have n't you, you leaving these on?
I'd leave them on, might as well, seeing as you like wearing them.
Well he takes his off, but he always takes his off.
You always leave yours on.
These trousers fit you do n't they?
If it's empty Anthony you can throw that in the bin.
Yeah you can put it in your playschool bag for cutting out.
Alright that's an idea then.
No I did n't, I brought it home, right put your bottoms on.
Hang on.
yours is there, there look.
Well do it then, I'll put it in there.
Just make your mind up, cos daddy be out in a minute, that film's nearly finished.
Is the ticket at the back?
Well then it's not right is it?
Mm.
so I'm putting these other packet of Buttons with Anthony's, in there for tomorrow.
Good, do n't want to eat any more do we, you'll be sick.
You've had a good day out today.
one, two, three, four, five.
Do n't you want it?
Yeah.
No I'll do it, I'll erm clean your face in a minute then we'll all be ready when daddy's ready, how you going, wow a bit of a problem?
Eh?
Okay, there's your.
you'll have to put your top on in a minute, okay, oh it's filthy.
Why?
Because it'll be time to go in a little while.
No you ca n't wash it here.
That's not ours to wash darling.
Yeah it do n't belong to us, okay puff on your inhaler, one, two, three, four, five, six.
oh, puff, one, two, three, four, five, six, right, can you put those slippers on, I'll take your hair bands out, get your top on and that, get your face washed.
it'll be time to go in a minute, no I'll do it there's two in there.
ca n't take the top one out without taking the bottom one out first.
Sorry, sorry.
No sorry it's mummy's fault, she pulled the wrong one, that's it, good girl, I'll er brush your hair in a minute, get all your knots out, right, sit down for a minute, well turn round, there.
you do n't want to go to bed with knots in your hair.
Due for Sarah to come round soon to have it trimmed again ai n't you?
Yes and yours.
You always have your hair cut every six weeks young man keep all the knots away.
There we go, ah.
No your pussy cat's alright cos you washed his hair.
Yeah and bathed him.
Well we're not bathing him again it takes three days to dry him.
it takes a long time.
Right.
out.
Yeah, I wonder what cartoons they'll have on tomorrow for the kid's holiday ah?
No.
I think it was on this morning yeah but it's erm.
No that's only on at the weekends darling.
Right.
Monday's tomorrow darling.
Well I do n't know till we have a look at the telly pages at home.
Eh?
Yeah.
Do you?
Ooh we ai n't done your faces yet have we?
Anthony.
Look at what?
Hold on I'll give you something to look at.
no I'll give him this one cos I wan na look at that one.
Hang on to that one a minute Anth.
Yeah.
Hope you're not fighting.
now wait a minute, wait a minute, let Jordan have some toys, he's only a baby, hello darling, hello no, do n't leave that there Jordan's playing with that darling, look show me this car you want, show me this car that you want.
Right, well let's have a look then.
No, you're a girl.
No I need to have a look at the picture Anthy, oh look Goofy's on again in a minute.
Yeah.
can mummy have a look then?
That's alright you do n't need to do them up.
Not found it yet?
Okay let me have a look.
Yeah, but do n't rip the book, do n't rip the book or we ca n't show daddy.
Look what's on telly?
Goofy.
Yes dar yeah.
hello darling, what you got?
Hello darling what's the matter?
what's the matter darling?
Oh darling what's the matter?
Oh I think I'm going to go and make you a bottle, make you a bottle shall I?
Yeah you.
yeah let's put the kettle on first I do n't want to.
Mm.
alright then.
Right if you had that new bed then.
will you sleep in it like a good boy?
Well daddy has got to say first ai n't he.
if daddy says no though you ca n't have it alright?
when he gets, when daddy comes home you'd better give him a big cuddle and ask him.
It's a hard sweet.
No they're horrible.
Oh was he?
I was just getting his bottle.
Hello darling, oh.
you did n't eat all your breakfast did you?
Broke down, you rescuing it are you?
Clever boy then?
come on darling it's alright.
Oh Jordan come on, you was thirsty were n't you?
Come here love, alright, sshh, sshh, it's alright.
sshh, sshh.
oh darling come on, come on.
What oh you're tired.
Yeah, Jordan's sleeping a little while in his cot, he's tired.
Oh go and put it in the bin then.
oh, who's drunk all his bot-bot?
Oh Jordan it's all gone, you can always have another one if you're still hungry, got some windy there?
Good boy tired, yeah.
there's a good boy.
was that nice, yeah?
Anthy what you doing sat under the table.
Oh.
Charlotte do n't put pens in your mouth, I've told you about that before.
Not while Jordan's awake, we'll play it a little bit later he'll be.
going, he'll be going up into his cot in a minute, he's very tired, so.
It's not lunch time yet I've got to sort out all these paperwork in a minute.
It's a wonder you did n't wake the baby up with the noise you're flipping making.
Get off of that.
Right, let's sort out here what we do n't want then.
Right we've got to keep that, I'll give you what I do n't want and you can put it in the bin.
Right we want that one do n't take.
do n't want that one.
You can have that one as well, there's one on the floor you can have.
you can have that, you can have that, move that Anthy, right there's one for you and one of those for you.
Here are then, here you can have all them then on the floor.
Yeah you can have it.
That goes with that.
Yeah you can have them and then put them in the bin cos I do n't want them.
mum there's some in there.
Mm.
Anthy what you doing?
Oh Anthy you collecting them?
Oh.
Right I'd better keep them then cos they're different.
What?
Right, well you'd better put them all.
Oh do n't worry about it now, all the plastic things then put put on that blue leaflet for now and then when you've taken them all off you can put them in the bin.
Number seven that says, win number seven.
It's not on that one it's this one, you do n't need to send this one off anyway cos mummy already gets stuff from there.
Hang on, hang on.
A little birdie look, number seven that, that's a magic swallow.
win number four.
a proud sematic, chromatic cockerel.
Clever girl, that's an owl.
Oh that one says void, do n't win on that one.
no we do n't win on that one.
No that one says void ten, you do n't win that one then right that one's void Anthony, we do n't win with that one either.
No void, do n't win with that one.
Oh win number three that a pelican.
Win nothing, no.
Erm win number five, a rose bag, right, now you can keep the tickets if you want, but get all them little plastic things and put them in the bin.
Right.
have a look the square.
what's the date?
Monday.
this, is it Rosie and Jim on today?
Oh wow look at that oh the baby's in bed get your bum down here, you know you do n't go upstairs when he's in his cot Charlotte.
shut the door, shut the door, before you wake him up.
What's he, what's being a boy got to do with it?
Charlotte give him some more.
No, you share it out.
Oh yeah that's nice, I like that, do you think that looks alright Charlotte?
Charlotte.
Come in here then.
what?
Yeah that looks nice, do n't it?
I'd prefer the darker colours.
You wan na go up and have a sleepy, you can.
Come in then if you want me stop throwing tantrums.
Hang on.
Are you tired again?
what you doing?
What you doing?
Oh that boy.
What are you throwing a tantrum for?
Oh dear what's the matter?
Oh what's the matter, do you want some more drinky?
Now you've been changed.
She said Alex said he would n't eat any breakfast this morning, he threw a tantrum.
so I thought right, she said to me he'd want a bottle, so come like ten past eleven, he's like whinging, he's drunk all his milk, then went up and come down and eat all his dinner and his pudding.
Had a tantrum this morning did n't you?
I've got Kieran back for next week two weeks and then it's half way through March and first week in April I have n't got him, I've got three weeks.
well put it on the table then.
Oh is he?
I shall go down to the coffee morning at playschool when they break up for Easter next week.
and then they do some songs.
and they do some singing and everything and also they give out the bibles to those that are going up to school.
so it's quite nice.
The only bit about it is you have to sit around when the vicar comes in and.
and give the talk to the kids on Easter and the religious side of it too you know and.
which I think.
I know kids have got to learn about it but surely they can.
make their own minds up later on if they want to be.
why just come to the Church of England if they want to now, it does n't go in.
it means nothing to them, what they did last year was sat there and got irritated and they kept like running about.
and could n't keep still.
cos they were listening to some.
bloke going on about nothing to them, you know they thoroughly enjoyed doing the songs and everything, but when it came to listening.
to why Easter egg being related to Easter egg, they do n't give a damn, they just want to eat them.
Do n't make a mess though, yes you can go upstairs, but do n't do n't make a mess, Aunty Pauline should of said that.
go in Anthy's bedroom he's got all his cars in there with his garage.
do n't go in Charlotte's bedroom, alright, alright, they might have to come down in a minute if you want to go up, ah?
Hold on, just go up the doors are open, I'll put the light on in a minute, we will wo n't we, yes we will, he's had a whole bottle of milk and a whole bottle of juice today, you are doing well are n't we?
I shut Ben in the conservatory now when I go out through the week, we just put him in the garage when we go out the weekend.
in case we're out a bit longer, I said, Tony said we could leave him out there, but like he said if he starts weeing on the carpet.
that wo n't be nice in the summer if the kids have got to go out there.
so are you gon na finish that last bit off?
Yes, no, you do n't have to no.
He's had a lot to drink today have n't you?
Yes you have, yeah.
There is some in there honestly, do n't you want it?
Give you er oh, ah, hold on, er you do n't want any hairs on it do we?
Wonder what that doggy's barking at eh?
I wonder what doggy's barking at?
Yeah, what do you think of your toys to play with.
Oh yeah.
A dress I, I sent off for two sizes, I'm glad I did now because I thought you know that the small one would be okay for them, but it's not, there's the hat.
and that's the dress.
I thought for fifteen pounds, seven pounds and forty nine P.
that's not bad and I went round to see Helen to see if she wanted this one for baby Anna but she said this one there is another one in there, erm.
I know, which is a tiny one look.
Oh that's a good one, see how small that one is compared to that one.
see that's just right for Charlotte.
Well I was gon na ask you if you knew any girls, I mean for seven pound fifty you ca n't go wrong, you ca n't even get that in town with a hat.
and I thought before I go and send it back, because I do n't know of anybody.
Yeah.
well go on then I do n't know of anyone though, I bought those kind of shoes there.
the bright, the pink ones will be alright wo n't they?
Yeah, so I thought I might nip into town sometime this week.
Yeah.
got the right one for the right belt anyway yeah.
Why you a bit wet?
Well wait for Aaron to come out and you, well you go in the downstairs one now, cos you've got the stool in there then.
then you and Aaron can play again.
Well, I mean it's there if you know of anybody, I do n't know of anybody you see.
I do n't know.
I just ordered a forty one and a forty six.
Yeah I thought I might have to put another stitch in that to keep that on.
just thread it through.
Yeah alright, alright, you nearly knocked it off again now look.
Two or three yeah.
Do n't do that, that's Charlotte's hair.
Do you suppose that's supposed to be dead straight that or twisted?
Mm.
Mm.
There that's it.
So I did n't know anybody and I thought of well, you know.
Er I can still order them, I mean if you want to take it around, you can take it and.
it's only seven, well it's seven pounds, forty nine P exactly.
and it was fourteen ninety nine in town so I thought well,.
sales out the old book.
Yeah, Charlotte you're not putting that on the walls.
Well then.
Well do n't.
Mm, just got to go and sort them out, hang on I'm coming up, I do n't know why you did n't go in the downstairs toilet, it would of been easier for me then would n't it?
Leave him Aaron, Aaron I'd.
leave him he's got the strops.
go and shut up, go and shut that, my bedroom door please, I'd leave him, ah?
What's that?
Oh it was sixteen nineteen nine were they?
I wonder why they reduced them then, if they put them in the new catalogue, oh there's a slight difference ai n't there, there's no bow.
No I do n't, it's the wrong colour innit?
Oh sixteen ninety nine to seven fifty, it's cheap is n't it?
Having a strop out there is he?
I do n't know I'm not bothered.
Nearly four and a half.
It's going really quick innit, when I keep thinking about it when they go back after half term.
they've got six weeks exactly until Easter.
and then when they break up for Easter and it's only sort of like whatever it is from now until September.
er and after the holiday she'll be going to school, it's frightening.
There is n't nowhere really though is there?
Apart, I mean whatever you get for boys it's the same, which is in different colours, bow ties and shirts that fit innit?
Yeah if you want to.
Yeah.
Let's have a look see if it's been rewound, yeah, mm actually you might not have to on that, that might just be there, oh dear he's throwing a strop up there.
for some unknown reason.
is it worth rewinding it Charlotte?
Because if I do n't you wo n't know what's happened will you?
Nearly there.
Please.
I've got to remember actually to get some birthday cards this week some time.
Give me dad's to his yet.
when's, when's his birthday?
Oh it is Sunday.
Well while you're there you can give them to him ca n't you?
I did n't go this, this weekend cos I wo n't see him Wednesday.
Yes.
a little bit ca n't you?
I mean if you left your dinner another half hour say till five.
he might come anyway.
They've got some quite good stuff in there.
and they're not badly priced, I like the furniture, I like that little cabin bed in there as well.
I thought that might look quite nice for madam, see my two only ever had cheap beds to start with anyway, I knew that I'd get them better ones later on.
you know, erm.
and like Helen, well Helen said why do n't you wait until you move, and I said well that might not be all that, you know.
the way things are going that could be years.
Oh I do n't know, I think it's on the same page as.
Yeah it's got three chest of drawers at the end bit.
and sliding cupboard underneath the bed.
and a couple of wardrobe as well, red and white.
Yes I quite like yeah you see she can have something like that look.
and they're not a bad price for all that, you see and I'd get rid of her wardrobes that she's got.
Oh yeah, and I quite like that, but if I had that, I'd like to I would n't be tempted to decorate his room.
in wallpaper I'd do, I could make.
I mean that is really nice that, they want thirty five quid for the headboard.
I'd want the wall paper and everything.
you know the lamp, the rug, it's really nice, but where's that, did you see that black.
furniture, oh I think that was at the front I quite like that for the boys bedroom as well with the bed set in.
you know.
But I still think.
I still think they've got a lot of choice in there compared to the big one, I always think they've.
for one of those pillow cases I wo n't pay that.
I did notice in that they sell, sell erm cushion covers with the sofas.
Mm.
I think I did, I thought about that but I ca n't afford to do it at the moment there look see you can get the, the L ones the double seat ones and the little ones look.
if you.
you order the colour.
I know what you do is you order the colour and it, where is it K, you order the colour and they surprise.
you with the design.
you see but I'd want floral anyway.
to go with one of them.
Yeah but I do n't think it.
mm.
no.
you see I, what I'll then do is get cushion covers for the cushion and get like the net ones.
and go over.
I quite like plain but they're the wrong colour.
It looks alright but then they're half way up.
and I'd rather make it, it went all the way up to there.
well yeah mine only, mine only.
like that are n't they?
Yeah the rest of.
oh what's the matter?
What's the matter?
Ah, ah, what's a matter little fellow?
Can you hear that other one up there moaning.
I mean there's quite good, there's some good stuff in there when you think that should be in the big catalogue really should n't.
it?
I ai n't noticed, maybe I ai n't looked.
yes pencil and some bananas what's the matter?
look, I think we'd better put a dry bib on you as well, I think we've got one in here, oh we've got one in yeah.
in the kitchen ai n't we?
No I thought there was another bib in here, I'll have to go and get you one out of the kitchen mate oh yes we have, yes we have.
Yes that one says Thursday and this one says Friday, but it's Monday is n't it?
Oh dear I.
he's making a lot of noise for a little boy is n't he?
I think half his trouble is.
weekend.
Oh nanny.
I were n't gon na see my mum Saturday, but she broke down Saturday night.
coming to Andover to go up through.
Chigworth to see the.
cos if they got.
so they were stuck here to half eleven, so.
Of course we went to bed late last night as well.
He's alright, I did n't get no hassles about like, that, no matter how many hours she's awake she never grumbles of being tired.
Right, have you got anything in that felt tip Charlotte?
You better not get it on the furniture as well, keep it away from the furniture, now put it on the paper or else do n't use it.
Right.
oh dear me oh he's still making a noise up there.
I do n't know, even know what he's throwing a tantrum over.
Charlotte watch that pen and get it out your mouth now either use it or put the lid on it and put it away.
Do n't you want to watch this video Aaron?
Oh does he?
his problem is he goes to bed.
at eight and he still get up at seven.
What is it?
There's Dennis the Menace upstairs.
Come here.
jelly boy put the tape in then Aaron and I'll press, there I'll fast forward it, no you've got it, you've got it, no you have n't got it round the right way.
That's it come away from it Aaron do n't touch any buttons.
Yeah come away, that's it.
Should of got something down town, that's what I usually do.
if I was in there.
I'm just gon na sort that little boy out.
Do you?
Your mum's, your mum's getting one in a minute.
Put a bit in.
Oh what a lot of noise over nothing, were n't it?
What you done now?
Show me.
Show me.
You're not gon na be able to brush it off, I'm gon na see it anyway.
She could n't of got any on then.
Oh, I remember when I was a kid getting in trouble.
Oh, oh mummy's tired, how many times have I told you not to have the pen near the furniture though young lady.
Mm.
which is why I'm not so worried about replacing cushion covers with the.
it does n't matter to be honest.
I mean you get to this stage where a certain age you can say no you're not having it because they've got to start to grow up at some point and she likes using the felt tips and she's usually not too bad with them.
but she tends like you say forget what she's doing and.
she'll sit down with perhaps a pen in her hand and then go up and.
you ca n't stop them from using everything in time.
That's right.
Oh crikey, oh dear did you get to Basingstoke Saturday?
You did n't get round Pam's?
Did you go up in the car the other week when you was gon na go?
You did n't get up there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What if you've chosen Lorraine though?
Mm.
Mm.
Yeah.
That's it yeah, it's not very easy walking around looking at things when you've got the kids tagging along with you.
Apple?
Oh you want some apple do you?
No not with all the children around darling, in case it gets spilt.
We're running out of apple are n't we?
I've got to get some more, do you want a drink?
So you've got all your quotes in now for your furniture then?
Oh put that back on Aaron.
cos I might need that to send it back.
I need that back on there.
You gon na stick it back on for me?
Thank you, that's it.
yeah that'll do, so long as it's on there good boy, so what one have you decided to go with then?
Mm.
Mm.
Yeah that's not bad then.
No, is it?
He's just like Tony, he'll say alright then get it done, get it sorted out and Tony will say well we ca n't really afford it now or no I've change me mind now I do n't think, you know.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's it.
Yeah.
That's it, the trouble is he's not enthusiasm cos you sort of like, if you like me you get all your hopes up you want.
that's, that's gon na happen and the fellows go along with it like when Tony first decided to move and that I thought oh great he's found a place back in Basingstoke you know, we went and looked at them and everything and he turns round and changes his mind or he's in the, you know he's worried or nervous.
er.
That's it.
Oh same with Tony yeah.
Yeah.
That's it yeah.
The thing is though they, they look at it, they always look at it that erm, they earn the money so they can go out and get it, you know, women are n't entitled to anything, they're just at home to look after the children.
What's the matter shall I do your other bottle for you?
Yeah still you have n't even applied for that yet have you?
Oh, yeah let me go and make some drinks then, oh dear little man.
Yeah, jump down a minute Anthy.
Yes because I've got to get drinks and I've got to put Jordan in his cot for a little while.
He'll have an hour.
Look Anthony.
Yeah.
That's it yeah.
Oh big bib.
you come up with me.
That's right, yeah, come on you tired man let's get the others a drink.
Stop whingeing or he wo n't go to sleep and then I ca n't look after you.
Whinge bag.
Funny noise, look I'll pick all these up and he wo n't go to sleep.
Yeah, but by the time.
Sshh.
No, you leave it, if he does n't go to sleep he can come back down.
Left it.
Oh shut up er Charlotte it's on ruddy video, you can watch it any time, anyway you're colouring.
I'll get you a drink in a minute Aaron hang on.
Argos, nine ninety nine, and it's got removable cov cover.
That's the cheapest.
In my catalogue they're fourteen ninety nine.
Yeah.
er yeah, that's a proper dog one and they said that'll take up to a size of a labrador that's why I got it, erm but the cover's removable and.
Have you ever seen any of them or not?
Mm oh dear oh dear me.
Out, what did I tell you.
I do n't care what you're gon na say go out.
do n't let him in again, out If you would n't of let him that would n't of happened.
then do n't let him in and do n't be such a wimp.
you're alright go and get.
Well get in here and stay in here then.
then get out.
go and tell him off then.
Well shut up and let me shut the door.
Anthony.
Yeah and then when Alex knocks who will come through barking?
Now get out the way.
Right you get in there.
play me up.
No.
Right, Alex is here now, you going out?
Go on then, right.
she can hear and say how naughty you are, horrible.
Alright.
you coming in or you staying out?
Dog knocked him over did n't he, then you hit your head on your bike.
Have you had a good day?
Oh dear why's that?
come here and shut up.
Well get off then.
no, no, stop.
yeah.
Shut up Anthony.
You do n't watch them Aaron, you put them on and disappear.
He had a bottle after you'd went.
yeah one whole bottle, erm I would n't go near him Aaron he's not in a very good mood.
go and play with Charlotte outside.
Right then he went down, then he got up and had his lunch about one.
Oh he's humpy.
No I just took him up.
Oh alright, Boo go and lay down, Boo, out, lay down then.
Yeah he ate all his lunch and his yoghurt and his.
Changed a dirty nappy.
getting a bit half two, I took him up at twenty to by the time I came down it was quarter to three, he was really rubbing his eyes.
but he did go to sleep about then.
so he had two dirty bibs which are in there.
erm Charlotte, Charlotte, Alex is talking.
a whole bowl of clean water over his nappy so if you wonder why I got through an extra nappy cos it was n't.
to wear after was it?
There was I think two in there yeah so I got one out.
Yeah, I had enough I changed him.
Well I'll get it in a minute I'm talking now.
That's Aaron's I'm sure he wo n't mind if you have a little bit.
Alright then.
Yeah I had enough, but it was just a waste of a nappy.
Take your jumper off then, do you want your jumper off?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah I know he does hold on to things really tight.
it was in here it was sort of like, he'd been niggly all day, he was tired, he sort of like knocked it over with his foot, and of course it went straight over the dry nappy that was laid out on the floor ready to put under him, I said oh that nappy.
Oh do you have to sing and give us all a headache.
Boo under.
go and lay down.
under.
Charlotte we're all trying to talk, get up there and sing if you want to sing.
Go on Boo out, do something dog, go and lay down and have a bark.
come on then is he gone?
Oh Charlotte's trying to lean against him and push him out, no he's settled for under the table now, now leave him Charlotte he can lay under the table, he's out the way over there.
Oh shut up you're a whinge bag Anthy.
Yeah, boys are terrible.
Aaron no, no leave him.
Shut the door Aaron.
You get down.
side then by the time you've walked round.
You what.
In a minute.
Anthy?
I tell you what make the most of it while he's a baby cos when they get like this.
cor.
Well it must be the age difference.
Yeah in having said that you're the same age as me.
so.
Ah ah.
no, no you do n't speak to me like that.
Yes and I said I would in a minute darling alright?
You'll be alright, once he, once he starts doing it anyway you'll get to know how to.
Get a drop of milk.
You obvious to be naughty.
yeah she'll be in trouble wo n't she, she often gets her own drinks anyway, she sort of like, she's at that age she can, it's only when they get out there together.
and she'll go and get the milk out and say I've just got myself a glass of milk mum, oh right, okay not even aware that she's gone out to the fridge you know, fair enough we say ah, you do n't do you?
No he was good yesterday though at the pictures, we took them out and they were like really good, we brought all the cartons home did n't we?
Cos they've got like you know Bugs Bunny on all the cartons up there.
and the Warner Brothers Bugs Bunny and the popcorn, you go and get your popcorn dish out of thing, show Alex how much popcorn we bought, I mean you go up there and it's not like it used to be years ago a little bale of popcorn they sell them in huge great big cartons up there.
you know it's either salted popcorn or the sweet popcorn, I could n't eat that amount of salt, it is chock-a-block full up with popcorn.
Yes, the whole thing was like a, a thing full of with popcorn, show Alex then.
That was medium.
there's small and large.
there was, the big one is like this and I'm not kidding you.
Groups go up there and they pay the money for it and they put it in the middle while you're waiting for the film, it's all carpeted and you can watch all the monitors and they just sit down this huge tub of popcorn they had an op.
Well that was on offer this week actually, that plus a great big bag of Minstrels I think was two, two fifty five.
erm, erm normally they start at one thirty and they can go up to about three or four pound a great big tub.
We went in and we paid seven pounds for me and my mum to get in, we did n't pay for the kids cos if they know they're gon na sit on your lap, they get in there for nothing, but once we get in there we give them their own chair anyway, providing you go in like it's not in the first week, the following week when the show is quieter and not so many people going.
erm, but it cost seven pounds for me and mum.
to get in, three fifty each and then we paid another six pound, ten P and for that we had popcorn, Minstrels, one large Coke, a lot bigger than that and two small ones, and of course everything's got like all this on.
so the kids like to bring it home, stick in the playschool bag, show them at playschool, actually they did n't show them, he puts it on his head as a hat.
I have n't got the slightest idea what the kids are doing up there.
Yeah, which is why I only take them once every so often which is why I only have the two because it means I can take them, you know if you've got a family of four kids or something.
it gets a bit yeah, which is why I'm gon na stick with two, I mean now they want to go and see Peter Pan next, when that comes down which will be what probably a month, about once every couple of months they'll go or once a month.
but we do if we look out when we see it coming down I save a couple of quid up each week that, then I've got the money again.
Yeah.
yeah let's have a look at that one, that's the large Coke.
Me and my mum bought one of those and we had that between us and we bought one of those each for the kids, even though she swindled sweets in her bag, we started taking sweets in the bag and bottles of drink, but that was n't the same they wanted a cartoon cup, so we.
when we got up there, and next time we.
Yeah, the thing is though, the daft thing is there is nothing small up there.
it's all big boxes of wine gums, fruit gums, big box, packet of Minstrels there are no small sweets for children at all.
You go into the pick and mix and seventy five P a quarter, so you get next to nothing in the bottom of the bag.
you know, but it's all these jelly sweets, you know choosing different jelly, jelly snakes and things, my two are n't into them.
Yeah I would n't run off with that mate.
Yeah, they got, they've got a massive Bugs Bunny sitting up over the sweet counter as you go in.
absolutely massive it is, yeah.
is it, they're gon na take this to playschool so you'll probably see it down there, they do n't decide to keep them anyway, there's the other one there.
it's a good outing out though.
Sshh, come in here, come in here and shut the door and.
who, who left the door open out there?
Go and shut it for me.
Aaron, erm.
sorry what, what was in here?
Just things like erm black penny sweets you get.
like little jellies, what else did you have in here?
Oh little jelly shaped bears did n't you?
Erm.
jelly snake you got did n't you?
There's all this jelly stuff and they get fed up with that.
but where if they sold little packets of sweets.
Opal Fruits and things like that I could of got them that but of course a great big bag of Minstrels, you could n't just let them rummage through that, so what I done I took a couple of handfuls out and put them in here.
with their jellies look.
but I mean it's seventy five P a quarter.
er a friend of ours was up there.
and she had her.
quite two happy in the bottom of the bag and it came to one fifty.
like you get caught out.
once you've put it in your bag you ca n't put it back.
Three you know it.
It's, you can put it in but you ca n't put it back with your fingers you do n't realize it when you go up and get it and you ai n't got enough.
money you're stuck are n't you?
But apart from that pick and mix they do n't do nothing else in small things.
They had n't salt me popcorn so I complained.
Mm.
I like the old flying saucers with the sherbet.
Yeah you show Alex how you wear that as a hat then.
Put your drink up before it spills somewhere.
No do n't crush it, do n't crush it.
chewing gum always makes me hungry.
they say cos it makes your stomach think it's gon na get food.
Yeah so I dare n't eat chewing gum if I'm on a diet.
no but I oh I do sometimes, but today I'm not eating much but I'm not fat.
will you be quiet for goodness sake I ca n't hear myself think.
Sometimes I do be, I can put on weight really fast I can.
Charlotte.
Right now put these up.
I tell you what, what we bought up there you know we could of bought at least six bottles of Coke.
two litre bottles of Coke what we paid to go in.
er I mean what we paid forty seven, seven pound, ten P.
but still like mum says it's an afternoon out so.
actually I tend to waste money cos I thought I'd sit here and moan about taking them out the cost of it, but then I considered spending a hundred pound on a bed that he probably does n't even need, it's daft really innit?
Do n't aggravate your brother.
Yeah, but then I think well yeah you can moan about taking them out but that six.
but nothing to show for it.
You do n't have to shout in my earhole.
did you want, did you have, do you want another Aaron?
Oh he's got one, do you want one Charlotte?
Dad'll come home tonight and say who's eaten all the custard creams then, he loves custard creams.
Do n't talk with your mouth full, last two there so do you think you'll get anything happen Thursday then or do n't you honestly know, just ask them.
Are you only up here till Wednesday then?
Sshh.
oh big mouth.
Yeah it's got ta rewind, it's only going on quietly though.
Boo go and lay down.
That's right.
I thought you was gon na say have your veins done is a normal job.
you gon na have yours done Pauline?
Oh, oh dear.
Mm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Watch your fingers Aaron in or out, shut the door.
erm Aaron come in shut the door cos your fingers.
Mm.
This is only going on very quietly.
No it's not going on loud Charlotte, I do not want to be deafened by Michael Jackson thank you, I think that's quite loud enough.
Mm.
Yeah, Michael Jackson band.
eat your biscuits.
Never go to them, no I put these up for Anthony give them here, give it.
Do as you're told.
Come away from that Aaron, what?
Well get out the way then I ca n't get it if you're there.
yeah.
I think you'll find.
I think you'll find, I do n't know whether it is but mum, my mum went to a car boot sale once and they were n't selling nothing over ten pounds, so the car boot sales.
only go up to certain, yeah, though people ca n't afford to go to them.
Do n't play with the sewing box.
do n't play in the sewing box.
Put it back.
Stand up.
not on me not on me.
You can have a cuddle but just.
No we're not putting any more films on Aaron cartoons are on in a minute.
You've got small feet ai n't you, you look like a size four.
You know somebody's got smaller feet than you Pauline.
Yeah, well I'm five.
Yeah.
Go and lay down.
lay down.
What I do n't get nothing for.
I get a, I get a six for my width, see I have great big bones that used to stick out there, see the scar?
Went into hospital and had.
did n't I?
Yeah I had the bones broke.
reset and that's how I met up with bleeding Tony he came to visit me meeting a friend, it's only me he said oh go round and see this girl I know and she was related to my best mate, it's a complicated story and we sort of went from there really.
many years ago.
I kept thinking to myself I do n't bloody want this bloody operation I might have.
picture half way round the world.
Oh dear must n't complain, no children.
You can leave them if you want.
sharpening, where they sharpening down there?
There's a pencil.
do.
So what do you want to do take that little dress or not?
If you do n't want to just leave it and I just.
No.
mm.
these two bibs are very wet up here where he's been dribbling and.
there's some food in there darling?
Yeah I fed him, I did n't starve him.
no we'll clear up in a minute.
We'll put these back in here cos we know they're.
Hiya darling, hiya no I was really surprised cos he has n't been drinking his juice, and that went down.
I say that was naughty I normally wash them up and I put it back in there.
Quick tidy up, upstairs in the bathroom wash me hair, done that this morning I thought oh dear.
I done me exercises instead.
Happy little fellow then, who's a happy little fellow?
I have n't touched him, I do n't think I've had him any trouble.
They've actually been taken apart, and probe about saying school leaving age and that one.
the kids spilt milk on this and I did n't realize and it all dried, stuck all the controls you know what Tony's like, you know, ca n't you keep the kids away from the computer.
typically.
Liar, er I do n't mind them doing the video tapes over, but.
Walking keeps her fit she quite enjoys walking this one, I hate it.
Charlotte no do n't get Pauline's shopping out, she's got all her pushchair organized.
I do n't like walking full stop.
Yeah, oh my god.
Well you should n't of done it, it's very.
I'll let you out first.
I'll just shut this door.
Right my two get in you have n't got coats on Charlotte in now and shut the door.
Shut the door now, bye Charlotte.
Come on you can put your I T V on in a minute.
actually oh sorry.
I got, oh that must be on, I think you can watch Josie Smith ca n't you?
Leave it turned down and you'll be able to see when it starts, yes, okay, you're a really good boy are n't you?
You're a really good boy, yeah, take him upstairs and I thought oh, he could be mine this little one.
I do n't think mummy would like that you know.
but he, he's at that age now where I could have another kid and look after it quite easily if I had one, but I do n't wan na go through, not the pregnancy, but I do n't want to go through all the babies and getting up in the night and, one that'll come out six months old.
I'll be quite happy yeah, yeah because they say.
to play with, when they're babies you ca n't do nothing with them.
Well yeah, they can be boring as well ca n't they?
You know when you spend the night.
you know one popping in and looking after, I find that easier than just putting them down to sleep.
I find them a constant worry when they're sleeping cos you're making sure whether they're still breathing.
yeah.
he's got really red rosy cheeks.
at the front.
Yeah.
No leave your.
I noticed it, I thought it looked like a rash.
and I felt the side of it and it's just warm and I thought oh he, he must getting.
whatever you know, cos at first I thought he was hot in his cot and.
you know, but just.
he has n't got none through yet though has he?
But he's not.
Yeah.
they just want to start it, cos once they start getting through that's when they start getting wanting decent, wanting to eat more and I mean I make them clean theirs thoroughly, they're really good at doing them actually as well.
No you do n't need to get into that.
in the fridge Anthony open your eyes.
Yeah, you gon na come and put your coat on?
He's chewing on mummy's scarf, so it'll definitely only be till Wednesday.
Right, say right, right, right, shame I ca n't have you any more.
I shall miss you.
Yeah.
say that's not fair, say I shall miss you then wo n't I?
That's alright, do n't worry.
Right you've made a nice mess out there have n't you?
Right then Charlie what you gon na sing for us?
Go on then.
Right you both gon na sing happy birthday to your granddad are you?
Alright then, stand there then, right, go on then, off you go, I'm listening.
Just sing it.
Well done, what you gon na sing for me next then?
You wan na sing that one do you?
Very good, what about singing the ones you sing at playschool?
No what about the one, my mummy lives in this house?
Go on then hurry up.
What you gon na sing?
Go on then.
try singing without sweets in your mouth and try singing a bit louder, I might be able to hear you over here.
No, not bad, not bad.
Sing it with Charlotte as well then.
Well done.
Erm, what about, what's that other one you learnt, the chicken one?
Go on then.
Erm, five little chickens, five little chicks.
Go on then.
With the mother hen.
Start again, start again five and five makes ten, sitting on top with the mother hen.
That's it, what's the matter?
What's the matter darling?
Erm, I do n't know, what else, what other things do you learn at playschool then?
ah?
Sausages?
oh.
Sshh.
Oh that's it, go on then, sing it, off you go, start again.
No, no, in it, do n't it start off three little sausages sizzling in the pan.
Go on then.
Yeah, then what happens, two little sausages.
Oh really.
Go on then.
Go on then.
no, Insy winsy spider climbs the spider's web, I think that's how it goes.
Well that were n't too bad, but not very good.
there must be loads that you learn at playschool, what are they?
I'm just tidying up a bit while you're singing darling.
We do n't want baby getting them.
you can get them all out again in a minute.
What other songs do you learn?
What?
Yeah, what about doing Jack in the Box?
Go on then.
Go on then.
What is it?
Jack in the box, resting so still, will you come out yes I will.
Go on then sit down and I'll sing it, and you have to do the jump up and do the yes I will, quick curl up, quick, quick, right, Jack in the box, resting so still, will you come out?
yes I will, ah a Jack in the box.
Oh careful, I do n't know, what other songs do you learn at school?
Hello darling.
What, playschool, yeah, what other things do we learn at playschool?
I do n't know that one, sing Hi Ho.
What they doing?
Yes alright I think we've had enough of that one now, I think we know you know that one, do n't we Jordan, erm what other ones do you learn?
Well you're the ones that go to playschool I do n't.
I do n't know one that you whistle in.
What?
Oh go on then.
I do n't know, I'm not at playschool, I do n't learn it.
If you're happy and you know it.
Right start from the beginning, if you're happy and you know it and you really want to show it clap your hands, if you're happy and you know it and really want to show stamp your feet or how ever it goes, go on then you do it.
No, Anthony will you stop banging on the radiator, no it's are you happy and, if you're happy and you know it clap your hands, if you're happy and you know it clap your hands.
if you're happy and you know it.
and you really want to show it.
Go on then.
Good.
Oh, go on then, must n't stop you from working must we darling?
No, must n't stop them from working.
Get off the radiator.
If you sing it quietly you wo n't sing something properly if you're gon na sing.
Go on then do head and shoulders.
A little bit faster then.
Go on then really faster.
Start again then.
Now do it really quick, quick, ready go head and shoulders knees and toes, knees and toes, head and shoulders knees and toes, knees and toes and eyes and ears and mouth and nose, head and shoulders knees and toes, knees and toes oh dear all worn out now.
You wan na what?
Oh, er watch where you're going there cos little one's there.
It's not that warm darling.
undo your bottoms ones, that's right it's got poppers then.
er, hello lovey, got poppers there.
do n't get them muddled up there, cos they look the same, aagh, put that bleeding pussy cat down ooh ah, ah, pull your trousers up, you're gon na sing hi, ho again are you?
Good girl.
I think they're mad.
Oh.
they're mad.
children.
Oh now then what's the matter, what's the matter?
Well you sing it again then.
You what?
You wan na sing what?
Oh hello beautiful oh you listening to their noise.
They're making a lot of noise are n't they?
Did Jordan leave his dummy on the floor?
Oh no it's there.
I'm listening, I'm listening.
Are you sure you're not just making that one up?
Are you sure about that?
Charlotte you've knocked his dummy out.
I think you're just making that song up dear.
Turn it off, you'll waste the battery.
Yeah, Anthony turn that off do n't waste the batteries on it darling.
Yeah I did.
Do you know Humpty Dumpty?
I tell you what, you know more songs at your age than what I ever knew when I was little, I could n't remember all them.
No.
Go on then, I have n't heard that one.
I suppose you're supposed to of eaten them was you?
Sing it again, nice and clearly and slowly.
That's a good little song innit?
What?
Go on then.
Five little monkeys jumping on the bed, one fell off and bumped his head, mummy phoned the doctor and the doctor said no more monkeys jumping on the bed.
Four little monkeys jumping on the bed, one fell off and bumped his head, mummy phoned the doctor and the doctor said, no more monkey's jumping on the bed.
Three little monkeys jumping on the bed, one fell off and bumped his head, mummy phoned the doctor and the doctor said, no more monkeys jumping on the bed I know two little monkeys jumping on the bed, one fell off and bumped his head, mummy phoned the doctor and the doctor said, no more monkeys jumping on the bed, one little monkey jumping on the bed, one fell off and bumped his head, mummy phoned the doctor and the doctor said no more monkey jumping on the bed.
That's a noisy one, cor, want it mate?
Sing pussy cat?
Go on then.
Is it not supposed to be pussy cat, pussy cat where have you been, I've been to London to see the queen?
Pussy cat on his own.
Pussy cat, pussy cat on your own, yeah, then what?
I think you're making that one up are n't you?
Oh well as we do n't know any of them, we'd better not sing them had we?
What about humpty dumpty?
Have you?
Alright then, what other nursery rhymes you know, erm.
pardon?
what was that Charlotte he saying?
Right erm.
hang on Anthony, speak clearly I ca n't understand you yet darling.
What about, what about.
No, I was going to say what about the one about five sticky buns in the baker's shop, do you know that one?
Go on then, sit down and.
Yeah, what's the next bit?
Oh no it was n't, it was five currant buns was n't it?
Go on then sing it.
No I ca n't remember what comes after that, five currant buns in the baker's shop.
Sshh, five currant buns in the baker's shop.
No, no, five currant buns in the baker's shop.
Oh I do n't know that, I ca n't think of that one.
unless it was, yeah, three currant buns in a baker's shop, I paid a penny and, no, oh I do n't know I ca n't think of it.
No, five currant buns in a baker's shop.
fat and delicious with sugar on the top.
No, five currant buns in a baker's shop, round and sticky with the sugar on the top, Peter paid a penny and took one away, two currant buns left on the tray sing that one then three currant buns in the baker's shop.
fat and sticky with sugar on the top, Peter paid a penny and took one away, then there were two currant buns left on the tray, two currant buns in the baker's shop fat and sticky with sugar on the top, Peter paid a penny and took one away.
there was one currant bun left on the tray.
one currant bun in the baker's shop, round and fat with sugar on the top, Peter paid a penny and took one away.
Yes Charlie?
If you must.
That's right, no currant buns, oh.
Go on then.
That's a good one.
I do n't know that one.
Are you tired?
Are you tired?
Are you tired?
No do n't aggravate Charlotte.
What's the matter?
Ah Charlotte no, he's got his shoes on that'll hurt if he catches you.
Get up and away from him now.
Now stop aggravating him, he does n't want to play or sing.
oh darling what's the matter?
Oh you want picking up do you?
Go on then.
Listen can you sing quietly?
alright, alright, I'm gon na sort you out, come on then, sshh, do some more singing then.
You two think quietly a minute.
Alright?
Oh.
that's alright it do n't hurt to have a bit of peace and quiet.
Oh do you?
Ah do n't you eat all, eat them all.
Oh not on the window sill.
What's the matter?
well ask me to sort it out, do n't sit there and whinge Anthony.
What you doing fixing your car are you?
Do you have to tip them all out Anthony Mark?
Well I hope you're gon na put them all away later.
You want a drink dear?
hello.
Oh right, okay Charlotte be quiet, ah?
Oh that's alright yeah I'm just feeding my baby.
what's he coming round for then?
Must be.
Well what's it gon na cost at the moment then?
Well it might put the price up a bit the, yeah, who's that with them?
Oh, you definitely gon na have.
or are you still having a.
Oh.
then?
Well do n't have it done then well if you have them done you'll have them with the frame.
wo n't they?
Oh you're not having those aluminium ones then mm.
Oh whatever, at least they wo n't rot.
that's right.
Yeah.
Yeah we could do with decorating, but it's not really worth it.
Yeah.
Well we're gon na do the kitchen anyway under the er insurance where that water leaked.
I suppose you can.
to decorate it as well, we're gon na have that dark grey, and that way it wo n't cost us anything, we just wait, you know just get it out on our insurance policy, so we'll send it off, no not at the moment, so.
I've still got to clean my kitchen out thoroughly.
