
Yeah I pushed one down and the other one down.
In the machine.
I saw it actually when I was just doing it and it went how loud it was.
How could you be unobtru but it is n't look.
Ca n't hear it.
Cos you can hear it bzzzzzzzzzzz.
I thought loud.
Yeah.
You could be an ob an obtrusive making that noise.
Though it does n't make a noise cos I was doing it wrong.
Yeah.
That's it.
Mm Do n't stop talking now.
silly.
It's all gon na go quiet now is n't it?
Nobody else'll say anything.
That's ridiculous!
You got ta.
Yeah.
Mm.
Yeah well it sounds ever so funny when you hear it.
Horrible.
You think I do n't sound like that!
. Really makes you think.
I wish done something about my the way I speak.
Mine's terrible because I've got a low voice, a deep voice anyway.
Sound more like a man I do.
I do on the phone do n't I?
Used to telephone did n't you?
Did n't know it was me.
People have told me on the phone that I sound cos I've got a deep voice I.
Does she?
What, her voice is different?
Or does she talk different because she's on the phone?
Some people do.
They put their phone voice on.
Do n't they?
Oh I ca n't put any voice on, I've just got me own.
I find people do tend to put a quite a lot do, put a telephone voice on.
Yes.
Oh I'd better go and wash our dishes dear.
Most of them.
There's only yours.
Have you had.
enough to eat?
I think I've used most of the hot water.
I think I need to put the immersion on for just a little while.
I need a bath as well but.
I've used quite a few buckets of water washing walls.
About that little flat in in Albany Road.
You have to realize that we're never gon na get away from work.
Cos when the wind blows you can smell a tandoori and.
It's when you walk up that way you know you're getting near it.
cos you can smell it.
Wo n't bother you?
Mhm.
Getting there.
It'd be quite nice for me to be able to pop into town and get a bit of meat or something.
Very handy.
You can go in for a drink.
Not very far at all.
Yeah.
You're there.
I said if you go for a drink you do n't have to worry about getting home.
Yeah I know we'd still go up the Clickers sometimes but we do n't have to go all the time do we?
Mm.
lot of things.
You and Andy?
Where did you meet him?
When you went to Russia.
Suppose you know that song well as well?
Suppose you know that tune well as well.
You wrote it did you?
Mm.
Sing it then.
When I fill a book in about recordings and that how do you put have you got a regional accent?
Mm I'm aware I have.
And so have you.
Local I suppose I put.
No.
Think we'll have to put down yes though when we talk to mum.
No.
You have to put the the regional accents acc accent if they have one.
Like er Liverpudlian or.
No it I wo n't see.
cos he comes back next Friday and we're on lates so he's on earlies so.
We sha n't be seeing him.
Essex is n't she?
Yeah, Essex is n't she comes from London does n't she?
Oh she definitely has.
Ann has n't.
Yeah yeah.
Definitely.
Mm yeah.
No but he has got a bit of an accent.
Says lots of words that I do n't use.
Get old Sonny and George.
I wo n't though cos we hardly see them.
Which is a pity because they are.
cos they've both got accents.
Norfolk.
Er and George is Holbeach.
in Lincolnshire.
He's got a funny little voice has n't he?
yeah.
Mild weather.
Cloudy mild weather's forecast North Gloucester.
Why did n't you go in for that?
Meteorology.
Is that what you call it?
Yes.
Cos you're quite interested in the weather are n't you?
See what it's like Saturday evening when we go to the party.
Whether we're gon na walk, ride or what.
Good walk up there you know, is n't it?
Is it?
Oh.
We're usually pretty lucky when when we're on holiday.
Are n't we?
It's just.
I tried to watch that but it was n't very interesting.
No.
to it.
No.
I I turned it over in the end.
I turned it over and that's about Did you have.
Ooh would you ever?
Did your teachers used to hit you?
Oh, would have hit other kids cos you would n't have been naughty enough to be hit.
Would n't he have felt it as well.
Mm.
Chose the one.

No.
Good boy.
Yeah.
One of the goody goodies.
Just a good boy.
Sometimes.
Mm Well you never hardly go ever got into trouble at school.
You were a model pupil.
You always did your homework.
I do n't think I, I do n't know, well I did n't get caned.
I got a swipe or two off Miss.
Her with the withered paralyzed arm that she bashed you with because she could n't clear it and you blooming well could.
Her arm was like this only ever such a little hand and if you, she used to go and it just sort of reached your earhole when she was walking past you and if you were talking in class she'd go.
That's all she could move it really was.
like that.
Stop that.
Sit still.
She a few times.
She was a the sewing mistress.
And do you know, with this arm it was the right arm as well there was the most beautiful sewing.
She used to hold it, she sort of took it in here.
and then sew with this hand.
one hand how she And it was beautiful work.
she used to do.
Really did.
she used to call us heathens cos we did n't wear vests.
So we would deliberately not wear one even if you did.
if you had to go and try a garment on, you deliberately did n't wear underwear or.
just just to annoy Heathens, she used to say.
Disgusting!
Where is your underwear?
But I wear a bra miss, I've got me underwear.
Where is your vest and your liberty bodice?
You will come to a bad end!
You gals.
Yes Miss we'd all chant.
She used to really get not just sit, you know really silly old bat.
And we had Miss who used to wear knickers down to her knees.
She used to sit behind her desk like this with her legs open and her knickers used to come down here, pink ones and blue ones.
And she used to eat chalk.
Yeah, she was ever so odd.
She used to.
she used to chew it.
Mm and it used to be all around her mouth and she used to have a bit here sort of one of those old ladies who had whiskers on her chin and it'd be all white.
We did n't take a lot I mean she was a history teacher so now you know why I did n't learn a lot of history cos all we did was giggle.
And if you played up she used to chuck the blackboard rubber at you.
She was really dotty.
Really was.
Absolutely bananas.
She always used to sit with her legs open and these bloody knickers.
right down her knees.
Yeah.
It's just as well she wore knickers like that the way she was sitting behind her desk.
Miss but by god she had a good aim, she might have been bloody dotty.
You got up giggling and laughing the back of the class and whoosh the bloody board rubber come flying across the classroom.
Mm and blooming hurts and all.
That terrible? what they're gon na do with them?
Put them away for life we hope.
Would you like anything before you go out dear?
To abandon me to your friends.
Do n't love you any more heard it all before I know.
I know.
We're on holiday and I'm being left on my own.
Cruel cruel hard man.
Not stopping you going boozing though is it?
I do n't want to.
Well it's about quarter to seven so I suppose you're soon going to be off.
Oh they do n't know half.
Oh we had much more discipline when we were young than they have nowadays and I do n't think it does them any harm.
If my children came home and said to me that they got the cane at school I'd have just said well you must have deserved it.
I would n't have gone rush I mean some mothers have gone rushing up the school and complained.
I said well he must have done something to deserve it.
Otherwise they would n't have done it.
Jonathan the other two did n't so much.
Jonathan did couple of times.
He come home with lines and write passages out of this that and the other.
Well Steven used to tell on him you see.
He's been in detention again.
Tell-tale.
What you tell her for.
Huh You telly-tale oh you're too goody goody, you never get.
Over exuberant, that's what they put on Jonathan's report, school report.
That's what one of his school reports said.
Jonathan suffers with an over ab abundance of exuberance.
When I were at the parents ' evening I said does that mean er he never sits still and he's always tearing about and.
said well something like that..
Probably.
I do n't think he was, he was just I dunno.
Yeah.
And I I er and not only that I used to say to teachers well if if they'd ask him about and if he had anything er er and he'd be bored.
why do you Jonathan, St Steven said oh he'd been in detention.
Why have you been in detention?
Oh I was playing up and they chucked me out the class or something and I had to stay in at dinner time.
Said well why were you playing up?
I was bored.
I tried telling some of the teachers that.
He finds the lessons boring so obviously they're gon na mess about.
If they're bor if you're bored and you ca n't.
So you, you get distracted and do something else.
you should n't be doing.
And that's a fault in some ways of the teachers.
If the pupils are bored the should make it interesting enough to keep their interest.
Mm.
Yeah I know subjects they're not you ca n't be interested in all of them.
Look at them cars.
And you ca n't even have a bloody free Dinky car.
Mm.
Yeah but it's still twenty seven quid.
They do n't get many twenty seven pound customers.
Fiver or what have you.
That's it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Mm.
Not very fair is it?
Saying cash I mean it's still cash innit?
big business that.
Toys.
Terrible prices.
Oh I do n't know.
Mm.
Yeah.
Oh well I'd better go and do the dishes I think.
I must do them now and then it's out of the way cos you and I want to see Emmerdale at seven.
Come along dear.
Oh I know there was.
At that time of night?
Usually have it half way do n't they?
Oh so you've had bloody supper have you?
Huh me sitting here and you've been eating blood supper.
What, it was for the team there as well?
Chatting up the women probably if I know Ron.
Quite enjoying himself.
Yeah I bet he was.
Eyeing up the bums like you.
Mhm.
And I suppose you were saying I had Ann saying oh leaving me.
I'm going to bed now.
So Bob's gon na be in the in trouble.
Well I did n't ask when he come in the door up there where the hell have you been?
With me on me own for five hours.
Oh well you've quite enjoyed that and you've had a few of them by the smell of you.
Smell like a bloody brewery.
Told you, that's not a bad little pub is it?
Told you that and you said yuk.
I do n't mind it in there.
Not bad is it?
Yeah I know.
I know.
I know and a little stage.
I've seen yeah I have.
round the corner a bit.
Mm yeah probably.
Because erm because er Sue.
thing and her dad's got a country and western music I mean he, they go all over the bloody place.
But we we were in there one night and he, he was playing.
They had country and western night on there, now I think I was doing nowt one Saturday night and Sue and Steven were going to hear her dad.
Why do n't you come with us for an hour or so?
Mum'll be there after bingo at half past nine.
I was going to bingo and I said and I said to her well we'll go and pick Sue's mother up and we'll pick you up and all and she went the Empire, I went the Corn Exchange but that's beside the point.
And picked us up and I went in there and I were yeah half past eleven time.
I mean it was a bit loud because it was live music I suppose but it was n't a bad night.
got lively.
Oh.
Yeah.
Well I was, it was round the back where.
he stood with erm the.
And there was a bit of there's a bit of floor in front of it.
And we were dancing on that bit you see.
There were n't a lot of room but you do n't care do you?
When you've.
at ten o'clock at night and pub was packed.
People singing with the the group.
Yeah he plays guitar and sings Sue's dad does.
You know everybody.
Biggest part.
Might even have had my Steven in would n't have known him.
How do you know?

Probably his mother and father her mother and father had been in there anyway.
Oh no, course not.
Course not.
I'm going soft in the her mum and dad'll probably be in.
That's their regular if they were having a country and western they would ask him to do it because he's.
He's big.
He's a, such a big fella.
Fat.
Sue's mum's little and fat, nearly as tall as she's broad.
But dad's a.
bigger I mean he he he's at least as tall as you if not bigger and er also.
Yeah.
And she's about the same size round but about five foot two..
Sue's a big girl.
She's as tall as me and weighs nearly.
she must weight fourteen, fifteen stone I should think.
Sue's big.
Oh she usually goes after bingo.
They'll probably be in all night and she's just walked up from the bingo and toddle in there.
I would n't think they'd be in the lounge.
They could be but I would n't have thought so.
Well I do n't really know do I?
Empire.
Do they have it Wednesday night bingo?
Is it Thursday night?
No oh I do n't know.
Oh well she would n't be there after the bingo then would she?
Probably went to I know that she does go.
She there most of the evening and she goes to bingo and.
Cos they live down round near Tina's but not like Tina's house, before that off Allard Avenue round the back of Allard Avenue.
Sherwood is it?
Yeah.
Yeah they live up yeah.
So it's not that far for The Loco really.
It's sort of their local type of thing.
anyway but Well Ann is going to retire.
I suppose you're gon na have a bottle and a fag.
Mind you, the smell of you I think you've had sufficient bottles but.
Told you not to drink much.
Ooh.
Perhaps I'd better stop up then.
What?
You had quite a few.
But I might as well go to bed.
But I might as well go to bed?
And you do realize that this conversation is on a tape recorder?
Not sure how natural though.
We have n't got any left.
I drunk them.
Mhm.
I drunk them as well.
Without.
Falling over now.
Oh that young couple next door ah!
Oh I wish you'd have been at home, I'd have gone round there.
Oh god!
She's been screaming.
He's been reckon she must have locked herself up in the dark.
And the only place with a lock on is the bathroom and I reckon they'll blooming knock the blooming door down by the sound of it.
Quarter to ten till about half past ten.
Or half an hour till half past ten.
No.
And and really I mean you ca n't I'm I'm s I'm saying that you, you ca n't interfere but by god I'd long for someone to come in and interfere.
I really would have done.
And er er I I could never understand why people that obviously could hear what went on and pretended they never.
I know you do n't wan na get involved.
and this that and the other but people must have heard what went on and and you know the next morning they'd see a black eye and just carry out a normal conversation as though.
and you know they had n't heard it all and.
ooh have you had a fall or something?
Then you know I mean they must have what was going on oh aye they just completely ignore it.
I'd be walking round if I could get around.
It were just you know oh it's a nice morning when I'm hanging the washing out as though everything was wonderful you know.
normal.
Ooh I thought he was going to, ooh I felt made me go cold and I I thought if, if I had n't been here on my own I'd have been very tempted to go round and and say is there anything I can do.
Or I'd have called the police I think.
I were n't sure what I'd have done but.
Oh.
He was a calling her effing this, swearing oh it was dreadful.
She was screaming and you could hear her crying.
Then you hear, she pounded up the bloody stairs and he was after her and I reckon well the only room with a lock.
is the bathroom, so she must have been in there cos he's hammering on the door and bashing it and kicking it.
Bloody hell of a row.
Or whether she opened it or whether she was in the front bedroom with something behind the door I dunno but.
and she run back down the stairs and the front door was opening and banging and shutting, whether she run outside or what I do n't know what happened, the dog was bloody barking.
Well it's a wonder Ann and Rita have n't done something about it.
And they had company as well there's a car there, blue car.
Or Ann and Rita.
I do n't know.
I do n't know who it was.
Sally ca n't drive so it must be some.
Her latest beau I should think, I do n't know.
But it was I mean I could hear it over the telly.
I know I do n't have the telly on full blast but I could hear it.
above the telly.
When I first heard the first noise I thought what the bloody hell's that and I turned the sound down.
Thought bloody hell, put it back up but you could, it was really distressing me cos.
Yeah.
A woman and that do n't s I mean if you're having just an argument it's raised voices but a woman does n't scream and cry like that unless.
something awful going on.
I mean Ann and Rita reckon they're not married or anything but why the hell does she stay with him then?
She's not got a bloody.
she's got no children.
They're only young.
It's her house.
Is n't his.
He could n't, she bought it without, with her father and.
and he come and lived with her in it.
Bloody hell.
I know I mean I stayed with him but I had three kids.
I had three kids, where could I go with them?
If I'd have been on me own I mean that's all I was waiting for, mine to grow up so I could clear off.
If I'd have been on me own I would n't have stopped bloody long.
I mean even if she walks out he does n't, no court in the land would give him the house if it's hers.
evicted and then she could come back again.
Well if she went to the police they'd chuck him out.
He has no legal rights to the property.
It's in her name, she's, her father's helping her paid the deposit or something and she clears the mortgage she has no right, he has no right to it all if she went to the police.
They'd just turf him out would n't they?
Well why stay in a relationship like that?
Do n't understand it.
Went quiet about half past ten so whether he buggered off out or what I do n't know.
Certainly the front door was opening and banging and shutting.
Well banging on the wall probably with all the other banging and.
So much bloody banging going on.
And the people on this side you do n't know how they were reacting as well.
Say, they was a quite young couple.
We do n't hear them that much do we?
Mornings is the time I hear them most.
Cos they go out to work at half past eight and you hear them between half past seven and half past eight.
There you are I've made you a cup of tea.
Thank you dear.
Are you sure you do n't want any breakfast?
You want nothing at all?
You'll be hungry.
Eh?
What do you mean good?
Do n't be silly.
What's the point in getting really hungry.
How would you like that?
Order's not completed you've got to stay till it is.
Not many would.
Very rare.

Oh my god!
I had that yesterday.
What's our post code?
They was looking for it on a list.
Said I know it's P fourteen, I do n't know the rest of it.
And he looked on a list he had and he put seven something.
Well you're good at remembering numbers.
Yes darling.
Yes very strange but you are strange.
You always remember numbers.
Do n't you?
Car numbers and telephone numbers and.
When they come round at work and says this car blocked in I say oh go and ask Stuart he'll probably know.
Give you a blooming it's a blue something or other and this is the number.
Go and ask.
I said go and Stuart or Bill they, they know most of them.
I would n't know one from another.
I do n't.

Oh that's not right.
I wonder how she is if she's at work or at home.
Oh that's nice.
You do n't care about work getting in a muddle.

That's not very nice.
No it is n't.
Cos it is n't.
Yes darling.
Well you know very well.
We are going shopping.
Whenever you're ready to take me shopping.
Well probably Wisbech.
No point in going to Lynn if we're going to mum's.
Wherever you wish to take me.
I do n't mind.
Have n't got a lot of choice.
I do n't like Tescos at Wisbech cos it's.
So it's Gateway Gateway or blooming Rainbow.
Suppose we could go down the Rainbow and have a look at that microwave.
But I'll have to go into town first.
Cos I do n't think they'll give me the shopping for nothing and there's no bank down Rainbow.
Well there is, a Co-op bank but I do n't think they'll let me have some money out of it.
And seeing as I have n't got an account with them I do n't think they'll say well you can have some anyway.
No.
Got to see the estate agents and see if we can view something today.
other ones that we are definitely interested in and underneath the ones that we are not so interested in.
I do n't know if that is n't erm what they call it who died not long ago?
Hazel's mum's.
Cos perhaps the dad's moved out or you know.
Quite close to her.
Oh what was her name?
Old Hazel's mother.
The little old lady who went to Salvation Army, always wearing a little hat.
Oh what was her name?
Cos you know her as well.
And I said oh my god she's died and you said oh I know her.
She was to Salvation Army.
Ever so small little lady.
or something.
I can remember her kids and I ca n't remember her name.
Terrible.
Hazel and Terry, mother-in-law's brother Terry fire officer at Wisbech, it's his mother-in-law laws.
And she died not more than a few months ago.
Oh it's awful.
It's dreadful I mean quite fond of her.
I think it's her house.
Yeah I know cos I think you called on her cos you knew her.
When she died you said oh I know her well.
I put a ring round it so I know.
I think that is her house.
Mind she had a husband but should think he living with one of the kids.

the college.
She drives.
Then there's the college.
Lot of people park in the college.
Do n't they?
Yeah.
And it fell to bits.
Do it a lot of good would it?
Woodwork and.
and even the brickwork.
damp and If you get me back to mum's for about three o'clock time at the latest to take her to Osborne House.
No it.
Yeah cos I mean you'd probably run her back, rather than her biking.
As I say I mean we, if we could make an appointment say three fifteen or three thirty to see Sefton Avenue.
Cos we'd be up there anyway.
Would n't we?
Before it gets dark and you could n't see anything anyway.
Well that's it.
cos you ca n't see a lot.
Cos there wo n't be electricity on.
Anyway you wan na have a good look round seriously consider it.
Cos I think now we have n't heard from Mr and I think that means he's not prepared to take it so he's not bothered about coming.
Yeah?
Is that the way you're reading it?
Ignore it cos the man might just leave him in there renting it until or when forever it goes up.
But we ca n't afford it to go up.
Yeah I am.
Yeah I am.
Exactly.
That's it.
He do n't have to keep calling and wandering around after us.
But I'm not prepared to go on renting it.
As you say three thousand pound a year that could be paid off a place of our own is is just I mean if I have to rent it well I'll have to rent one.
If we ca n't get anything else and we ca n't afford anything else we've just got to go on paying it but.
when there's so much other.
Yeah I know.
Some of them are terrible.
I know.
Three hundred.
No!
That's the one I fancy.
If I went anywhere into another flat, I'd quite fancy going into.
Mm I know.
Mm I would n't I would n't go in to Armada Close I do n't think.
Yeah well you see, furnished you see they can charge extra.
I would n't want a furnished one now.
I know they are expensive.
Which is why I.
which, which is why now er that Rose and Jean when they considered it.
Mum said how about renting one in Wisbech but I said well if she ca n't afford a mortgage you ca n't afford to rent one.
Not anything that's worth living in.
fifty quid a week ones are er forty pound a week and so on.
You gets what you pay for which nowadays is n't a lot, not for that money.
You know when I asked, was gon na have er on Lynn Road there what was that fifty a fifty a week?
I mean it was.
it was clean but that's about all you could say.
I do n't know where Ann is.
No I think she's down Victoria Road somewhere.
She wo n't tell anybody.
But I think she lives somewhere down Victoria Road.
I do n't know.
She's only in a bedsit.
I know.
That's cos she's lonely and she just wanders about.
She gets up.
do n't want to stay in the bedsit.
One room she she shares a bathroom and kitchen.
She just goes for a walk.
I mean she's seeing people and.
I do n't really, I just presume she lives down Victoria Road somewhere but I do n't really know.
She could n't do any other.
She has n't got a vehicle, she ca n't afford one.
She could be.
But that were n't a bedsitter that I was in.
Shared bathroom but I.
but it was a kitchen and bedroom and living room.
They're only tiny like an alcove bedroom but.
I mean it was the only one with a with its own kitchen.
The one that I was gon na have.
This was right up the top and there were a tiny attic bedroom thing was made into a not very salubrious but it had a cooker and a sink.
And as I say that was fifty or something a week and it was n't was n't worth it really.
Furniture was n't that posh but then er but the only thing I thought about it was safe and it was clean.
Needed a bit of personalizing but it was it was old-fashioned furniture but it was polished.
It was clean.
Had a reasonable carpet on the floor and, and so on.
But it was n't worth fifty pound a week.
Definitely not.
people do.
People are desperate to buy and they'll have whatever and they have to pay.
When you think that one what was thirty three thousand two hundred and sixty a month or something was n't it?
Well that's gon na be about two hundred and forty, two hundred and fifty a month for that one down.
Cos thirty three worked out two sixty did n't it?
Mortgage.
So you can say two hundred and fifty pound a month to buy a place.
And yet they want two eighty to rent one.
Seems quite ridiculous.
Yeah but at least you've got, actually got the property have n't you?
You're not just paying somebody else to have a Cos if you're moving if you ca n't sell it you can always rent it again.
Which is what a lot of people are doing houses especially.
They buy a house cos they've had a child or something.
They ca n't afford to they ca n't sell that one so they rent that out which pays the mortgage for it and start again on another mortgage.
Oh yes.
Got to be careful of your tenants.
pay.
That's why it's best to go through an agency or er something like White and Eddies because they have people that collect them and they have people who have to take up references and.
And they have they have proper leases.
I mean after that they're out and.
Oh yeah I know.
Oh yeah income tax on it.
But a lot of people are doing it.
Lot of people are doing it because they just ca n't well circumstances.
It's either the job or something means they've got ta go away or they ca n't afford, they ca n't sell them so they I do n't know if that would make your income different if you were still paying a mortgage.
Even though your, all the money.
you were getting in was getting paid out again?
Paying them more tax.
But I think the expenses when you're.
Yeah but you, you'd be able to claim expenses.
You would n't pay the whole of it taxable if it was you know you would claim expenses for one thing and another.
Otherwise probably that's why they are dear because they have to do things like that.
That's it.
Pay fifty and thirty quid a week more is a bloody what they get stopped off them.
I mean Tina's got that little house.
I mean now you'd get it two hundred and fi, I mean Tina pays two hundred and forty eight er pound a week, a month.
Three hundred and forty eight pound a month mortgage on that little house.
I mean that was bloody thirty nine thousand, or was it forty one when she had it.
It was.
forty one I think.
I mean now they're going for thirty two.
We can afford one like that.
Mm.
They do n't sell now.
Not selling at all.
There's a few renting now cos they ca n't sell them.
So It's a nice enough little house but I'm not awfully keen on it are you?
No I do n't.
If it had a door and a wall and.
Mm.
It's not so bad.
That's it.
That's why Tina does n't like people smoking in her house because it gets into her bedroom.
Yeah.
She does n't like people smoking in her house.
Because she says I do n't want my bedroom smelling of smoke, her sheets and everything else.
Mind you they have done a bit more to it since Wiggie's been there in as much as she's had a big curtain put across.
All the way across.
Because Steve could n't sleep.
Because it's light.
See you'd even the patio door light went.
straight upstairs.
Because he's, and then.
skylight.
He's had a blind put up a special blind that leads straight across the fanlight.
And she's had curtains big track put across so that sh.
she can shut it right off.
She could n't, she just was n't sleeping.
Said was broad daylight.
She said oh he you know we've had all that done.
Tracked across the ceiling so that shut the off.
She said he just could n't sleep in there.
With all the lights and daylight and sunshine through the bloody thing and It was alright once he got off but he had a job getting off when it was.
as I say when it was sunlight shining through the bloody thing on his face.
Mm they've had a special, they had a skylight blind made.
They could n't have an ordinary one cos it would hang down.
Has to be on a runners on the side as well otherwise it would just fall down.
Yeah.
It's got a, you know like a frame what you put in along.
Mm.
But it's got runners to hold the side in you see?
I mean but Steven would but.
the building society and erm.
They'll have to pay another mortgage as well.
Well she must have paid a bit off.
She's been in there about three years.
Yeah.
That would be added to it you see.
Well I do n't know, I mean Steve must pay about eighty pounds a bloody week.
Maintenance and one thing and another.
Mind you saying that, three hundred fifty pound a month to buy a bigger mortgage anyway.
Nowadays.
Yeah well that's what I mean.
They could have bought, afford a.
a a better property for about forty four thousand or whatever for the same money.
Cos that's how it's worked out.
Yeah so she's got to buy a cheaper one and that would be added to it.
Mm and just his wages how much extra they could afford.
I know Steven would like.
He'd like one with a spare bedroom so the children can come and stop.
I mean Tina's worried now, she's got his mother coming for christmas for a fortnight.
Do n't know where the hell she'll sleep, she's got to sleep in the living room.
Fifty two probably get the fifty.
Hefty mortgage.
Tina reckons out of her wages she's got ninety, ninety six pound a week out of her wages just for mortgage and.
expenses.
That's gone before she starts.
Seventy five I think he pays.
It's a lot of money gone before you've even.
Depends what you want most do n't it I suppose?
She'd like to change the car.
I mean she never liked that car.
Ever.
She had a nice car before Chris made her have that more or less.
She did n't want it.
She hated it at first, she would n't drive it.
Noisy and clumsy, she did n't like it at all.
She never has really.
She does n't like it.
Never been happy with it.
Never.
It was Chris's idea to have the diesel one and that model.
He talked her into it.
But she hated it at first.
She'd do anything rather than drive it at first.
I do n't know what she had before but it was a.
Mind you it was quite old.
I think it was a car that she'd had for was well looked after her dad used to see to it for her but it was she'd had it for some years and she was always poodling about in you see.
And it was her second car that she'd ever had sort of thing.
She'd had it five or six years or something like that.
You know, think it was about ten year old when she got rid of it.
Something like that.
But, say it was a lovely little car really.
And she hated that.
Times she used to go really hate it.
Paper man.
Morning.
Thank you very much.
Thankyou.
Bubye.
quarter past ten.
Yeah.
I do n't mind.
And if we make an appointment to view some places and then we'll know what time we've got to doing the shopping and fit it in round taking mum.
Seeing mum.
So you do n't fancy this afternoon?
Cos as I say if we did see Sefton Avenue or New Drove today.
Oh yeah, there's plenty of time.
I do n't really want to go on a Saturday.
Saturday afternoons with mum.
well I would n't be absolutely if, if I had to go out then I'd have to go out.
Then there's always Saturday morning see Helen but then Stuart likes to sleep in.
But no I think Saturday's out really.
It's not a day for viewing houses.
We could go out Sunday?
And mum could come as well.
Oh yes.
People at work all the week do n't they?
Gets dark in the evenings then then then definitely.
That's the only time you can view a property.
I mean unless somebody's living in it you ca n't go in the evenings in the winter can you?
And I do n't fancy a house that somebody's actually living in.
Cos then you've got ta wait while they.
And it can all fall through because theirs is falling through or they ca n't get out when you want and that can go on for Can it not?
Sometimes it just ca n't be helped cos there's nothing in your price range you know that you like that is n't empty but I would prefer an empty property so that when we decide and then whatever just.
Certainly if we'd see something that would do this afternoon, or New Drove today, that's fine.
Two of them at New Drove are downstairs and one is an upstairs.
The one upstairs, because it has n't got a bay window.
is larger.
The upstairs one is slightly larger.
number seven which is an upstairs one has n't got any bay windows.
It is larger than the two five and six that are downstairs.
Well one's Cornerstone.
One's Cornerstone.
Two are Hansard.
I think it's Cornerstone one that's the larger of the two, the three.
Six seven.
Hansard.
They're doing five and seven so they've got one above each other.
One's doing five and seven which is this is for two and one's doing six which is this one.
Seven is definitely slightly bigger than six and five.
I checked it out.
The lounge is fourteen by ten.
The bedroom is thirteen nine by nine instead of eleven by eight.
That kitchen's thirteen by five, that totals eleven by seven.
No.
None of it's much difference.
It's only a diff er it's a matter of two feet here and.
But then I do n't mind.
I do n't mind living upstairs or on the ground.
Well I mean if they've got the key to both might have n't decided on both of them you might as well go and see them.
Both of them.
See which one you like the best or if you like them at all.
But as it's got that financial package.
Yeah.
it.
The financial package.
Cornerstone.
No.
Yeah.
But actually the one at Cornerstone is fifty pound cheaper than the both of them at Hansard.
It is!
One's nine nine fifty and one's nine nine.
So it's forty five pound different.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah that's just Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The only difference is he's had a few thousand extra because it's got two kitchens and two bathrooms.
partitions and.
But apart from that oh an extra bath instead of the other bedroom.
and erm another kitchen instead of a dining room or something and that's the only difference.
Say three four thousand probably.
For the extra bits and pieces that's all.
I do n't know how many of them there are.
Whether they only had four flats or whether there's a flat on another block and another block of fours down the road.
I mean I do n't know.
Well there might be four blocks of four or I du n no.
No I do n't know.
I mean you know the area better than me.
I've no idea.
I know them council houses are n't usually but I mean I ca n't visualize how much land there is.
I only know that by going to school and.
where they are.
Probably should have gone the other way into town but.
Eh?
Well you could have gone sort of like round the Rainbow and that way on.
That's what I meant.
the bypass that end of town would have been perhaps a little bit clearer.
That's it.
Whether you wan na go and see it.
I mean we know where Sefton Avenue is and we know that's.
a nice house.
Well I mean I mean.
No but I mean I know which house it is with that one, and you do do n't you?
Well I think so as well.
Oh I think, just to make sure that.
it is the house that we're thinking about.
We think it is.
I said as soon as I see it in the paper oh that looks nice.
Where's that?
I mean not sure.
It's that one.
Yes.
That's it.
Think it is.
Looks nice.
Nice house though is n't it?
You know sometimes I like as I say they've got.
they've got erm.
Yeah it's a nice house.
And this is a back, the back door.
this one because you, there's the back view look I mean that's that's a back door is n't it?
So you have the downstairs back and the the front stairs go up to the ca n't actually see That's definitely the back door.
Oh yeah it says allotted parking space.
We have made him an offer but he's not very keen.
It looks as if he's not very keen on the price we want to pay.
He said he knows the market's low and he'd rather wait.
But then we would n't be able to afford it if the market goes up and.
Well that's it.
I mean we're paying two hundred and fifty pound a month so at least he's getting that coming in.
But then you can really have a mortgage for that.
No.
But at the moment he's well he's not come back to us with any answer from our offer at all so we're we're presuming that means no so we thought we'd better start looking.
That's it.
Yeah it's it's not much more.
And Stuart's been and enquired and it would n't be much more for a small property.
That's it.
There's not a lot more in here is there?
There's a bedroom, it's very.
No.
This bedroom's got the bay window.
They've got security locks same as ours.
Yeah.
Quite nice.
No.
Yeah, mm.
Mm.
Cooker goes in there and the washing machine in there.
Nowhere for a fridge.
Well you'd have to have it sticking out round.
The cooker would have go in there and the washing machine in there.
No fridge.
I'm afraid it would have to be sticking out.
No just an ordinary fridge.
Well there will be.
Just an ordinary one.
Oh this is just exactly the same only the other way round.
Yeah.
in the cupboard.
It has n't got a sink in this one.
Or toilet.
It's all been.
Er actually it has been broken into, this one.
We looked at it outside and and the window.
at the back there is broken.
somebody's been helping themselves.
Number seven.
This is the.
Yeah.
Yeah you see your washing machine.
Cooker that.
Yeah.
See you could have your cooker one side and your washing machine and fridge, washing machine under there and fridge there.
Yeah.
Mm.
I said the one upstairs was bigger.
I was reading the things and I said it was a bigger upstairs is, are bigger than the downstairs.
Yeah.
It's quite pleasant that is.
Yeah you see it's bigger cos the bedroom.
is a bigger bed bigger room altogether.
Yeah that's right.
This is the bedroom.
But even the bedroom's bigger.
It's bigger.
Most definitely.
So you'd have.
I could tell by the you know the details.
it just seemed that.
Yeah the way it was reading.
I said to Stuart I'm sure.
the upstairs is bigger.
He said that ca n't be.
But you've got the hall and that underneath you see.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I like this one, I do n't like the downstairs one so much.
It is is n't it?
Yeah I prefer this one definitely.
It's quite big as well is n't it?
Yeah.
No they never do, do they?
Yeah I prefer this one to downstairs.
It's much better.
You've also got the loft there you can shove.
rubbish.
Well that one actually's not advertized so it might have gone.
we've only seen well we've seen advertized six five six and seven.
but that one was n't.
well there's no details in.
Yes.
said.
I do.
Yeah I do.
I like it very much.
As I say you've got plenty of room to have your.
You know, you've got your washing machine goes in here the cooker there your fridge here.
You'd get everyth, you'd get your cooker cooker goes there, fridge here, washing machine under there, you're.
Yes it's more.
Yeah that other one was a bit narrow and.
Yeah.
I like this one.
I definitely much prefer this one.
And I say the rooms are bigger as well.
Seven.
Mm.
Yeah that's it.


I like this one.
Yeah.
I definitely.
Yeah that's, when I was reading the thing I said to you somehow the upstairs seemed much better.
It is.
It is a nice size bedroom.
Yes.
Mm.
It is, that's it.
It's not likely to be over well actually I do n't we do n't know if they're gon na be building there.
Eventually.
Yeah.
Well I certainly, yeah, I certainly like this one.
Thirty two and a half maximum was n't it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's it.
And this one's, as I say it's twenty nine something so I mean it's it's about right is n't it?
It does yeah.
I definitely like this one.
Gain.
Mm I definitely like this one so.
Yeah.
That's why I said to you.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yes I like the colour better.
Mm.
Yeah down here there's no, no.
I know but in here there's no window at all it's er you've got to have the light on all the time.
Do n't you?
Mm.
Yeah.
It is dark.
Mm.
Yeah.
It's quite but what I'm I mean where would you put your fridge?
I mean you've really got to have a fridge in this day and age have n't you?
No.
No cos then you would n't have enough space.
You could n't have your fridge sticking out here so you could go and to get.
No.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Mm.
Yes.
I do.
I like that one.
Yes.
Well w we said we'd prefer to be upstairs.
rather than have somebody above your head.
We work, we we work shift work so I I mean you know we get up at half past four in the morning and and if you've got people trundling about above your heads all hours of the night it's er.
Oh.
Stuart.
Erm.


Window, oh we've done it.
Ah that's it.
No.
Ours is actually a new house.
It was but er the market was so low that he decided not to well I do n't think he could get a buyer actually, it's just stood there so he he he let it out rather than have it stood there with the option for us to buy it but I say now the prices are lower he's not keen on selling it at that price.
And I'm not prepared to go on paying three thousand a year renting it to give to him when I could be buying one myself.
Mm.
I mean three thousand a year to rent one's a lot of money really.
That's the kitchen is it?
Nice size kitchen is n't it?
Yeah.
It's a nice size.
No.
That's.
Does n't, does n't say.
It just says a cooker point.
Yes.
So the carpets may be as well.

Yeah.
No.
It's better than having the water.
Mm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We've got a similar one on ours.
Mm.
Yes it's quite large as well is n't it?
Mm.
Yeah.
The bathroom.
Oh it's a nice little bathroom as well is n't it?
It is is n't it?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's quite nice.
Yeah.
Yes it's a nice colour.
Mm.
Nice.
Yeah.
Same as we've got at home.
Yes.
like ours.
Yeah.
We have ours on two and it's ever so warm.
Quite nice really is n't it?
Yeah.
Yeah we've got one like that, I know.
Yeah there's space under there for bits and pieces.
That's a nice size bedroom.
Yes.
It's.
quite a big bedroom.
Mm.
Yeah.
No, we do n't like it too hot in the bed, well Stuart does n't.
He's always well I'm always.
cold and he's always boiling.
If I have the heat up very high in the bedroom he ca n't sleep.
It's ever so nice.
Above.
Yeah the door there is n't it?
Mm.
Yeah I was gon na say same.
this one.
If he goes to the pub Stuart would probably know him anyway.
That's the stairway.
Yeah.
Yeah.
probably is wardrobes there.
Yeah that's bigger.
Yeah be nice.
Was bigger than the downstairs.
Mm.
Mm.
Yeah I like this one.
They renovated it.
Thank you very much.
I'm sorry to bother you.

We're not really in that much anyway are we?
No.
We work long hours and.
Yeah, you can do things like that.
Yeah you can talk and.
Mm.
It's nice is n't it?
We'll have them both.
Yeah, you can live in one and I'll live in another.
Nice are n't they?
Yes.
Washing machine and cooker and fridge So of course you could have in here.
Oh yeah you could have a taller fridge.
I know.
. Well it's make your mind up time.
I dunno.
I'm not waiting, bother waiting for the desired.
Yep, thank you very much.
Yeah I like it.
Mm.
Right in but it's only a few minutes away.
No.

Thank you.
Yeah well you're going out anyway so you.
do n't need the heater on.
How are you, alright?
Oh well.
We did n't have to come.
Yeah.
What time we were gon na be viewing houses but we've been to see two.
No.
I do n't know whether it's.
Well you ca n't just leave it and not bother can we?
We thought there'd have been some response.
by now but there has n't been.
Yeah.
And they have n't bothered.
And he has n't bothered.
Well we thought we'd better get looking.
Albany Road and New Drove.
Down near Queen's Boys.
That one.
Yeah, brand new.
Mm.
They're both flats that we've seen.
Well there's one of each but we prefer the upstairs one, it's nicer.
I did n't like the downstairs one.
I did n't like the kitchen.
It was like a passage were n't it really?
It's a funny little.
funny kitchen.
No.
Brand new.
Mm.
Nobody's been in them yet.
No.
No.
Upstairs half.
Yeah.
There's one bedroom and a living room and a kitchen and a bathroom and it's qu they're quite sizeable really I mean they're not.
Mm.
Yeah we have n't, we liked the upstairs one very much.
And we can get a good package on that you see.
Well he he's wanting to sell them.
And he'll either you can either knock he'll ei, you can either knock some money off, which he'd accept whatev, mo most or he'd pay your deposit for you.
Well I'm if it's full price thirty thousand, that's three thousand pound innit, near enough?
Fifteen at five percent.
Or or he'll knock it off the price if you want to.
You can get a good deal with him because.
he wants to get, he wants them sold now he's built them.
That's a flat as well.
Yeah.
That's a downstairs one.

Yeah.
It's been.
builders ren made it into two separate.
Mm.
I think they're both nice.
The kitchen's nice.
Yeah.
It's a lovely kitchen.
There's some lovely lovely units in that one.
Well I do n't think so.
No, they're quite happy to lend Stuart the money as long as it's not more than thirty two which that is n't.
And we'll probably knock him down anyway because say there's.
properties are n't going.
Top top of Chase Street.
Behind factory.
Bottom.
Where, Rutland Arms is on the corner.
It's right on the end of that.
Yeah.
I've seen that before.
Mm.
I was gon na rent it.
Yeah.
We're desperate.
We've not, we've been out since about eleven o'clock and not had a drink.
We've been in we've been in the estate agents and.
seeing houses and.
Mm.
Oh lovely.
Is n't she doing well?
She's so, done really well has n't she?
No it's alright.
It's not cold outside it's lovely.
No it's quite mild.
Yes.
That's it.
Mm.
Wins it.
Oh that's definitely an incentive.
Oh lovely.
lovely.
Oh dear.
So I mean she's over half a stone now is n't she so that's nice for.
Yeah.
Mm yeah.
It does.
Mm that's smashing.
Erm.
Yes.
def definitely ready for it.
Definitely desperate for it.
I'll leave yours another minute.
I'm desperate.
Mum's got some cake in there she said if you want a bit.
Fair enough.
Just thought you might be hungry.
Cheers.
Oh they're nice.
They're lovely.
Like them.
Are n't they nice.
They're lovely.
They're nice.
They're smart.
Yeah they've not been worn have they?
You can tell.
They're lovely.
Mm.
Mm nice.
Sheila does n't agree with it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Cos they're not it's not a cheap pair is it?
Mm.
He would.

Oh have you?
I bet they liked it out there.
Change of scene.
No you're alright.
That'll do me.
We sha n't be stopping that long.
if you're going out anyway wo n't you?
Liver casserole for tea.
Have you had your hokey thing?
Oh it's lovely.
It's delicious.
I've eaten mine.
No, no you have it.
Yeah.
I had two with a bit of salad.
Oh it was lovely.
Mm.
Mm.
What did you have last night?
Oh you had tandoori did n't you?
What did you get her in the end?
Oh yeah you said you probably were.
No, I think it's nice.
Well that's it.
No point in buying her ornaments and things I mean.
That's it.
Oh I've got some n new cigarettes.
I never brought them in.
What they called?
Dorchester.
They're cheap.
Well th they're cheap.
I only got one packet cos they're cheap in Gateway and I thought well if if they're alright might just go on them then.
These are getting ridiculous prices.
So I'm, I thought we'll try them.
Yeah.
Never seen them before.
One sixty seven.
kingsize and one sixty six ordinary.
Thought you might as well have the kingsize.
Wo n't smoke as many if they're bigger.
Yeah.

Yeah lovely.
No.
Oh yeah.
Mm.
Yeah.
We're definitely coming.
Well we'll be here.
Sue.
Sue.
Yeah.
We we'll still be, we wo n't be going, we'll be staying here.
Is n't no point in going home.
Unless you wan na go home and get washed and changed do you?
Might as well bring clothes and get ready here and.
No.
Mhm.
Hello.
Glad when it's all over.
Be glad when it's all over.
Otherwise she's alright.
Yeah.
Mmmmmmm.
No.
Do they think you'll be able to go back to work?
Six months?
Mm.
Then you'll have to be careful.
wo n't you?
Be very careful.
But he's not allowed is he?
He's not allowed he told you did n't he?
told him that er seeing he's on the sick he was n't allowed to go.
Show him your scar.
Do you wan na say cheerio?
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Yeah we'll see you tomorrow.
Yeah when we called in.
Is n't Stuart coming?
Mm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Cheerio.
We're not going he's bringing his clothes.
We're not going home.
Yeah, well there's no point in going home.
Bye.

Yeah.
That's lovely.
I was gasping.
Especially when that man was.
Yeah, which I did n't understand any of it.
Pension mortgages and this mortgage and and he did n't really know how er er cos that that foreign Lucy or whatever her name was.
that foreign lady was quite amused.
She was laughing when you were asking him questions.
as if to say ah ah he's not sure what he's doing.
He's got somebody here who knows.
Instead of just sitting there and quoting all these figures.
and blinding you with science.
Somebody who can ask questions and knew what he was talking about.
And she was giggling away.
She kept raising her eyebrows and laughing.
I was watching her.
No you had your back to her.
But I could see behind you and she was.
Well that's it.
You're not, and you're not gon na be blinded by all these like he was, what was he saying about all endowments are are not unit then you were saying yes they are and.
said that.
But you were confusing him because you knew, where he's used to just sitting there and telling blah blah blah blah and.
And you knew what he was on about.
And you did n't want that did you?
And you have n't got enough money.
But do you think this thing what he was on about, pension mortgage, do you think that would be better?
Was that that PEP thing what's all in the papers at the moment?
Is that what it means?
Oh.
Is it similar?
Oh.
Sorry.
Mhm.
Well that's the most important thing is n't it?
Yeah.
Mhm.
Mm.
Mm I know you can take them along with you nowadays ca n't you and into a.
Mm.
Where they used to be frozen and then you started another one wherever you went next time.
And you ended up with three four d silly little bits and pieces did n't you?
Yeah.
I know you can take them with you now.
And it was a lot less money as well was n't it?
It started.
Yeah.
Mm.
And and a cash sum at the end of it.
Seems quite does n't seem a lot does it?
And would you still have to have an insurance on top of that?
So you'd still have to have.
you'd have the two hundred pound and then you'd have a life insurance on top?
The whole lot?
Well why does n't everybody have them then?
I know but they did n't, he did n't suggest it to you or why does n't he say well there is this er er, you said that he did n't.
And he must have known that they're gon na be cheaper so why does n't he advise people who are starting out to take one of them?
Rather than a.
I know, exactly.
But surely that's.
his job.
If he's trying to find you the cheapest.
Exactly.
Because a young couple going in well even in our situation, you have n't got much money and you want the cheapest thing for the best we you know.
But he never suggested it.
You said what about a company, what about a a pension mortgage and he.
Mm.
Exactly.
Yeah because it is cheaper and.
Mm.
No he just could do an endowment one and that was it.
An an endowment policy, and endowment mortgage and that was it.
He did n't tell you anything else.
I know.
Ninety six.
Two hundred and five and then that on a ninety six.
Mm.
Yeah.
That's quite clear.
Mm.
That's only five pound a month to earn your pension.
That gives you five pound a month towards your pension which is nothing is it?
What's term assurance?
Do n't understand that.
Well if you died you'd be dead.
Well that's fair enough is n't it?
You would n't want anything else.
And if you died the would be paid.
That's it, you'd pay.
What and arrange your own?
Or he'd just tell you?
No, that's it.
Mm.
You've got to get the right deal.
Yeah but that's not that much a we.
It's only three quid a m a week.
Well that's it.
Mm.
Well he said you could get tax relief on the whole lot.
That's what he said.
At twenty five percent.
Well that's what he said did n't he?
Er you'd be handy for a a tax relief on the whole lot rather than just.
part of it.
Mm.
There used to be but there is no.
But they stopped it.
Mm.
Yeah be because you you confused him.
Because you knew.
Rather than somebody as I say like me who sat down there and he'd just quote all these figures and you would n't know what the hell he was on about and just, all you, all I would understand at the end is that's what you got ta pay.
Which is what most people that go in there.
Well they would n't understand all the rest.
This plan, that plan, the other plan.
They only know well you either have this option paying this amount, that option paying that amount or that option paying that amount and which one do you want to have.
And and you do n't understand any of the rest of it.
You just sit there mm yeah mm no mm well that's the cheapest, that's the dearest and and take their advice which ones the best for you and have it.
And that's er that's all normal people who do n't understand any of it that's the way they'd go about it is n't it?
You'd just accept whatever was.
Yes Stuart.
Yeah.
Mm.
I tell you what you wa who you wan na go and see.
Who I saw when I bought the house at er thing.
Now he was, I know he blinded me with science but he wa, he was really very good and he had his computer there and he went through all these different societies and plans.
No but he had I mean he had a screen and er.
and that was that's along near Maxie's near the post office but it's a.
Yeah, I saw him.
Oh and he was smashing.
And he explained it all to me.
He he explained it all.
And although there was all these figures and er and he explained what was best, I mean he was purely a financial I mean he he as he said when we went in cos it does n't make no difference, I I I'm not attached to anything.
I'm here to.
I am here to give you advice.
And that's it.
And and therefore I'm not here to sell you this or that.
I'm here purely to find out, you want to buy this council house and and and I'm here purely to find out your circumstances and and what would be the best deal for you.
And he went, I mean I was there for blooming ages.
And he went through everything till he found out and it wa I did n't have the abs the absolute cheapest one.
Cos he did n't think that was a because Steven was disabled and that as well and on my money and one thing and another.
and and one thing and another but er it I mean mi mine ended up with the Bradford and Bingley, I mean.
Yeah I know but he did say that even though agents I'm not giving you this and then he showed me all the things you know to sort of prove that he was doing it.
But that's wh oh yeah that's who I had.
No well that's what he said, it does n't but I mean he went through all these and insurance companies and because of my kidney being removed I had to pay, I had to pay higher even though I did n't have to have a bloody medical but I had to pay high because of my.
because I'd had medical Yeah it was cos I'd had all these operations.
You know you had to put how many operations have you had in the last ten years and have are you er receiving any treatment and all that bloody blah blah blah.
And so mine, mine was higher.
than er than other peoples which is why he went to all these bloody quotes.
He sorted it all out.
But he was really good.
Mm.
But when you buy a council house it is slightly different in as much as some some of them wo n't have them.
Then also, he also gave me I mean I got hundred percent mortgage which you are allowed on, I mean the law says er t the chance to buy so therefore you do n't have to have a deposit.
But he also gave me enough to cover all my fees, legal fees.
So I borrowed over what the house was worth.
But that was only because I'd lived in it for a long time and I got a discount so the house was really.
worth more.
than what I was paying for it.
Cos I got a discount so er I borrowed another thousand pound.
to cover all the costs for the survey for Maxie's and and this that and the other.
Which I think come to about eight nine hundred pound.
Anyway he borrowed all that for me.
Mm.
Mm.
But to go to somebody like him who knew his job.
which was his job and and had everything there and he, he patched through to this computer this place and different computers that he had.
And the facility to to get through to.
That he could get all these to find out what he thought was the best policy in in your.
as I say because of my health and one thing and another you could n't just and he, and he was really good he was and explained everything to me I say that.
Mm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Ever so nice.
He really you know made me feel I say I were n't sat there like I was with that fella thinking well he do n't seem to know what he's saying anyway.
Which is what the impression I got about him, he was n't really sure himself.
But I think that was partly you floored him because you knew.
He sort of was a bit you got him a bit could n't say.
But certainly that man that I went to that time he was very very nice and.
then you could see he'd patch into all these different bloody things and.
and and and I ended up with er a reasonable.
It was an endowment.
Yeah it had to be.
I dunno why but it had to be.
Well I do n't know but that's what.
My mortgage?
I had it in eighty one, twenty years so another ten years.
No they were all cancelled were n't it?
Oh yeah I signed the form.
Everything's all.
Yeah.
Cancelled.
Stopped.
The money was all.
I do n't know.
I just signed forms to say that I was no longer responsible or had any claim on the property or whatever.
And that was it.
I did n't have to pay any more and I did n't, and I was passing it over to to Steve.
I do n't know what happened.
The whole lot was in was it endowment?
No I dunno, it ca n't have been can it?
I do n't know.
No it was n't it was a no it was n't an endowment.
I did n't pay.
I only paid extra insurance.
Yeah because yeah because, because of my health.
Yeah.
That was it.
Yeah it was Yeah.
Because of my health.
I could n't, I do n't think he could get the other he got that one because of, i in my health you could n't they could n't say how long.
because of my kidney.
The other kidney could go all blah blah blah and this that and the other.
Yeah.
It was just ordinary insurance.
I do n't know how much it was.
I do n't know.
I mean I only paid a hundred and sixty pound a month but I mean.
Then I only borrowed twenty odd thousand cos I got a forty odd percent discount off the price of the house anyway.
Twenty two I think it was, something like that.
And the rent was thirty six pound a week.
And it ended up I was buying it for less money than what I was paying monthly for rent.
So it was all.
Might as well have done it.
So I went into it.
Yeah it it worked out hundred and sixty one pound a month, with the insurance.
So it's alright I mean I paid the whole bloody lot to them, I did n't.
sort it all out.
You do n't pay it separate, I did n't.
I paid to council offices.
And they sorted, they forward it I suppose or did whatever they had to do with it.
Used to pay at the council offices.
different book.
used to go and pay it.
Write the cheque out and he'd just take it in.
I could have had it done through the bank but he was always up town anyway so.
did n't make any difference one way or the other.
Save you going to the bank.
Could n't I?
Just give you the money you spends.
Well of course we will.
expect you to pay.
Sounds smashing dunnit?
That's what I said, why does n't everybody have them?
Well he said go back and tomorrow at least and.
Mhm.
If that's right that's the one you want really is n't it?
Mm.
But even then it wo n't be will it be that much?
Would it be that much more?
Well exactly.
So it's gon na.
be less than a want two hundred and eighty.
I said so you might as well have that and have a lump sum and a blooming house and.
And a pension.
That's what I mean.
Might as well have your pension.
when you get to sixty.
Yeah.
If if you get a better job and what have you you can always.
Yeah you.
Exactly, yes.
Yeah.
Mm.
Mm.
Well see what he comes up with.
And certainly say two hundred and twenty five pound a month it's still worth having.
Mm.
Even if it's two hundred and fifty it the same.
you're gon na have a pension and and a home.
Yeah well that's it.
You could volunteer to pay two hundred and fifty a month could n't you?
Mhm.
That's what I mean.
If anything happened.
Mm.
What happens then then?
If you get made redundant?
And you've already got it.
Mm.
Mhm.
But you've got to make the decision cos I like both of them very much.
So therefore you have to make the decision which one, if it comes down to it, would you like to live in.
I mean if we could get that one down at New Drove what is it, twenty nine?
So that's gon na be, say if you get fifteen hundred off it it's gon na be twenty eight.
Yeah.
Well say you get twenty eight and a half.
You're gon na get it cheaper the mor the monthly payment is cheaper.
And then aff and then you could afford to buy some blooming carpets.
And with the other one you've got to find a deposit which you'd have to pay back.
You would n't have to buy the carpets.
Well a cooker you definitely, a fridge say we could perhaps borrow that one of mum's until we could afford one.
Or pick up a cheap one.
But a cooker's no problem because I know you can go into the Electricity Board and say I'm moving into a new property, I have n't got a cooker and they would, you can get them.
No deposit, just added to your electric bill.
That's a way to because.
Oh yeah on er er a financial agreement.
Second hand one.
Yeah.
I mean there's no difficulty in getting a cooker.
Mm.
Well that's it.
You could.
I might have one before I go home.
No.
Mm, no no.
I'll have a I might have a sliml er bacardi before I go home.
Just one.
I.
Mm it's still extra calories.
I shall be drinking some tonight no doubt and and eating.
Yeah please.
Yes please.
I shall be partying tomorrow night.
There was a a house, a bungalow two doors from Stuart's mum.
And I popped out to the shop on Sunday the second of November and came back totally and utterly bemused to see them putting a christmas tree up and father christmas in the window and fairy lights all over the place.
On the second of November.
I mean would n't you be absolutely pig sick of them by the first of December never mind christmas.
Good god.
Oh well I could n't believe it.
I come back to Stuart and I said it is the second of November is n't it?
He said, yeah.
I said well idiots a couple.
of doors away are now putting their christmas.
Yeah cos you get fed up of them do n't you?
And they get.
It is for home.
For a pub is, is fine the beginning of December.
You do n't want, you get sick of looking at them and they're dust traps are n't they?
Yeah, not not beforehand.
No.
I know.
Yeah.
As far as putting them up too early as well I say they get all dusty and you get sick of looking at them.
Time a week or so after christmas has come you're you're glad to get them down and out the way.
And then it looks bare.
Then you think oh oh it looks bare.
Would n't what?
I do n't think I have any.
No, cos I was gon na pay the butchers which I would have had to have changed a note and you said I'll pay.
All I've got is some coppers for the tin.
So you'll have to change some money up if you want.
See.
But I have n't got any darling change.
Sorry.
Well either that or she'll have to change you a note up.
He wants to put some pennies in a machine and he has n't got any.



Should n't have bothered dear.
Stuart.
It's quite heavy.
No, right away.
If you pull the cord on the light, your light'll come on then you'll be able to see what you're doing.
This the other side.
There's a little s cord.
You have to pull that, you have to pull the handle out and it do n't start.
That's it.
That's it.
You want a st a a cue.
You do n't.
You missed.

Six on the other one.
On the tens.
Sixty you got, you.
Yeah, please.
do n't leave me to.
Yeah I'm gon na beat I think.
And then five card nine card brag afterwards.
Yeah.
Just feeling lucky.
What?
What's the matter?
Have you had your twenty three P?
Or have you g paid your twenty three P?
We had an excuse.
We're, we're on holiday so.
Yeah.
It's an excuse innit?
Does n't help you though.
You're in the lead.
Skittles.
Not tonight.
When it's quiet.
Oh.
You had seven hundred and eighty.
Yeah gon na beat you.
Yes, I'm going to beat you.
A penny a point.
Five.
My box.
Thank goodness.
two three three four four five five six six.
And I'll have the yellow ones.
Just oh bloody hell.
What do I do?
Got to put two out have n't I?
I do n't know what to do.
If I keep this hand I've got now I've got two four six eight ten.
I've got a dozen.
Yeah.
I know, but which two?
So it goes on the four of that, turn that up.
Shall I put them two in? then I've got six.
I'll put them two in.
Right two four six eight.
Then oh bugger it.
And that has n't helped at all.
Yes.
Two four six.
Oh.
Well at least I got something cos I put two queens and that's what I had.
Did I put me king, the ten.
Yeah.
But I wanted some of me boxes as well I suppose.
Oh, so I done it wrong?
But actually.
I've got six in the box.
But I did n't know you see, I.
I could n't work it out.
I did n't know whether to put two blue queens in or ten things or.
a king and queen.
In which case had both.
Mhm.
Oh god.
Oh bloody hell.
It's impossible, I ca n't do it.
And them two go together, them two go together and them two go together.
All of them go together and these two are a pair.
Exactly.
I'll have to take a chance wo n't I?
Well I've got to somehow.
I've got ta.
Mm that wo n't help me.
It'd have been better if I'd kept them two.
Go on I know I've done that wrong.
Four.
Oh.
Oh bloody hell.
Oh I do n't like this, it's not fair.
You're not playing fair.
No you're not cos I did n't know what to put in the box.
Oh yeah not right for me.
I'd have been better off keeping that one two.
I had two sixes, two queens one two.
Well I did n't know.
Mm that's why I was yeah.
Yes well I did n't know you see.
If I do n't like playing singles, easy as doubles because you only have to put one in and it's easier.
I do n't think I've got anything.
I've I've got four.
Mm nothing in the box.
Nothing in the box.
blooming street ahead nearly.
Well.
I've got to pay for a turn.
No well.
Terrible.
Not getting any hands.
No.
No.
I ai n't got nothing cos I ca n't get anything.
Hang on, two four nothing.
I ca n't get a good hand.
Street ahead.
Over.
You are.
You are, you're over a street ahead.
I have n't a chance in hell.
Think we'll cancel this game.
Oh I do n't know.
I've no idea.
Waste of time playing.
No.
Aye another one, go on put the third one down.
Might as well.
two.
Thank you dear.
So I've got one three in.
That's a bit better.
Oh!
I only wan na give you one.
Oh it's awful.
Do n't do nothing for me.
How many did you get?
Just let's have a look.
Yes I can, I ca n't remember.
Oh I should have kept the other one.
Oh bloody hell, every time I've one down.
I had a two as well.
Mm.
Two six.
No two three six.
Queen king two three six.
Yeah and I would have got nothing.
Oh yeah.
Well I've done, did n't do it right did I?
So there, had n't got any turned up.
Did n't I?
Oh now I'm definitely not giving you nothing.
Cos I've got a straight run through.
Seven six five four three.
Well how, I do n't bloody well know what to put in it.
I have n't the faintest idea, look three four five six seven eight.
Oh well it were n't to me cos I probably would have given you the eight.
You know what I've got now anyway so it do n't matter.
Two in there so.
I give you that and it's probably a big mistake.
But I had n't any choice.
Thank you.
Yeah here we go.
Oh I've bloody hell,.
Oh it's my, is it your box?
Wo n't matter will it?
Oh what do I do?
I do n't know how it counts, that's four seven eight nine.
I know but I do n't know how many many is.
That's three.
What's the chances of one of them coming up?
I do n't know how to work it out.
Look.
Keep them and one of them in case you get another three or a six.
oh oh oh oh oh.
That's only four though innit you see?
No, yeah.
That's what I said, to do that and hope for a three or a six or another five or a king.
Two for jacks.
Oh.
You know I have n't got it.
Not enough though.
You've done it anyway.
That was quite a good game actually, in the end.
Did n't I have some bloody funny hands?
Awkward hands to work out.
Threepence I owe you.
Yeah.
Mm.
Tut oh ah I ca n't win no matter what I do.
Least I know what to put in the box.
Cos I worked out that was fifteen and there were a picture go.
Or a three or a six.
At least I'd erm four five, what two in one.
You know and that's.
Yeah or a.
But er.
a six or so I knew what, that the nine was no good to me or the.
s six.
Just th just the turn up I wanted, or a five.
Nothing in the box.
I can see you're in the lead.
It's where you usually are dear.
Have the been in any more since erm Monday?
Oh so they're all Oh bloody hell.
Ca n't do that See what happens if I give you them.
I would if I give you them.
How do you know I wo n't?
Oh I'll have to put you a pair in you two.
Probably eight probably.
Oh good.
I ai n't got nothing so oh I did n't know what to put in.
No.
Did n't know what to give you.
I got to give you two eights.
Yeah, you would n't let me box.
What are you putting, two sevens?
And a nine there.
Did n't know what to do.
Cos I'll have two.
for two eights or like that for four that way, so.
That's all I had.
Put your other one down.
Ten.
Six in the box.
I knew what to do with that one you see?
I knew what to do with that one.
Specially when the five come up, I thought I'll put the blooming.
Exactly, ten in there.
Well I dunno, doubt if I've got any even.
Hello.

Depends on what the cards do.
She's refereeing.
Oh god.
Bloody hell you've got about four fives.
You till I've got one.
Oh no.
Now what do I do?
Oh god.
I'm sorry, it's taking me a long time cos I do n't know what to do.
I think I've got ta do that.
That's probably.
wrong but.
It is.
I've done the wrong one I think.
Oh no.
I know.
I pu I had five.
But I had.
but I had.
and I had.
No I had three nine.
Three five sorry.
I did n't know whether to put that out or er.
I done it right?
Thank god for that.
I know it is.
What you've got ta keep your double run?
Yeah.
And I won.
Erm.
can I just go to the.
It's my box is n't it?
Oh it's probably from me from me own cigarette.
Do n't worry.
I'm sure I shall have worse than that before I'm done, a bit of fag ash in me drink.
Wo n't be the first time.
Wo n't be the first time Bob.
No I did n't.
Has n't helped.
It's done nothing for the box.
Ten in the box.
That's no good on my box.
That's no good on my box.
No good to me.
Six.
Eight.
How did you get that far ahead?
I've got nine you've got eight.
Oh.
Gon na say, we were level.
Ha!
You pegged hell of a bloody lot then.
About ten?
Twelve?
We were level pegging.
I got nine, you got eight.
But you're all them in front.
nothing in me hands so it do n't make no three.
Oh.
to do that.
Yeah.
Put the wrong one down.
Three.
And I put ace two in.
Do n't know if you put a five down there, I already had it.
Bloody hell.
How do you keep getting them?
You always get a dozen or fourteen, sixteen.
You do.
We did n't do it.
There were n't any, many of us so we did n't do it.
By the end, it was quite fun in the end were n't it?
Yeah, it was really good fun.
There were n't, we did it singly and it made more people did n't it?
There was Tracey and John and Bob and.
No.
No.
Not a lot.
It's only six.
Yeah.
Far enough.
It's your box.
Mm that looks, sounds really nice.
Oh god I do n't know.
Should keep that I think.
think.
Tut.
No.
Mm and I give you some in the box as well so you that's it, done.
I doubt if it's right.
I'm sure it's wrong.
No I'm not doing it.
Oh thankyou.
Six eight nine in the box.
I know you any others.
I had another queen as well.
I've had it I know.
Street.
You already won.
Yes dear.
later I suppose.
That's a goody.
See one, play one.
Think I played right that time.
Ca n't remember what I put in the box, another picture I think.
Or did I put a picture or ten?
I dunno.
Four two.
Eight four, yeah.
I doubt it.
You'll catch up.
If, if we were once round then I'd say yes but not.
I do n't want you to have any of these, so.
Teen.
Six.
That's the other blooming one.
Mind you that is n't too bad is it?
Oh yeah one.
Bubye.
There's talk of is it my box?
Oh I've got sweet.
I might have known the come on, put the third one down.
Oh.
Mm.
Nothing.
Caught up now.
Oh god.
Tut.
Ca n't do that can I?
That'll give me four.
Gives me four.
Oh I'll do it that way and take a chance.
I do n't know whether I'm doing right or wrong.
Oh god I've give you a bloody handful now so that was stupid.
let me have a look.
Oh I only need ten, well it depends on what you've put in.
I give you two.

Yeah but I'm going to keep the two pictures and a five and then you had to put two twos in or two and a six or.
I do n't blooming know and I thought if a seven comes up and I've got five and six and.
I thought oh I try to work it out.
I ca n't always.
Whoops, I give you.
Oh now again, what do I do?
I think I'm supposed to keep that.
I do n't know but I think I'm supposed to, yeah that'll do.
God.
Oh well I've put it down now.
Six in the box.
Mm.
Erm he's beating me two one and then, but I'm winning in this one.
No.
I only.
Four.
Oh bloody hell, I give you I might as well not be playing now cos I've I've got nothing in me hand.
Nothing.
Nothing.
Oh well.
And nothing.
I have n't got anything.
One.
I did n't know what to do.
You've already got them counted up.
Yeah.
Two nines.
I do n't know.
Did n't know what to do with it.
It was all.
None of it made sense.
There was just nothing apart from the two nines was any.
then what do you do?
I dunno but I got a wonderful hand look wha I'll just show you for a start, cos I'm putting that in the box.
Cos it does n't matter.
And you know me I would n't put that in the box unless What are these?
Thirteen pence darling you owe me still.
Thank you.
This wonderful person here darling.
I thought you told me earlier on I was wonderful.

Oh ah.
Where's six?
Then take out all of.
I lost the last one and I gave my winnings ha ha.
We put them in or in the holiday tin with all the change.
Did n't cost us anything.
We paid for the holiday with just with change out of our pocket.
and purse.
That's what we do.
But we erm.
we we saved two hundred pound and and had a week away.
Well four.
four days in the Autumn for that.
for just out your change not missed it.
Accommodation, meals and petrol.
Just spending money and he wo had that anyway.
You do n't miss it do you, not just putting it in a tin like that.
No it did n't, did it.
Shall I tell them all what I'm doing?
No?
Oh alright.
Nobody's even nobody's take any notice.
Are we still playing are we?
We're playing brag but I ai n't got not change.
Only now I've got a five p now.
Yep.
Not playing for tenners, I ca n't afford that.
I might have sixpence actually but.
Oh I got more than that actually I got about ten p.
Got two fives and tuppence.
Oh wait a minute.
Oh I'm rich.
And another one.
Twenty four but I've paid him he's had his other twenty odd p so ha ha he's had that he's reckons it was ten twenty odd p plus some change we had.
So you ai n't getting no more!
That's his lot!
Mhm.
No she told us, we did ask her.
It's coming off here Keep moving it.
Oh bloody hell!
Yes dear.
It does n't does it!
Ca n't.
Oh sweet sod all!
Oh well it's yours.
I'm not playing with you tonight, that's it.
Stuart!
Ha!
Going to be rich.
One, two, three oh it's alright.
I asked wrong ah.
Aye?
I ai n't got no five Ps to put in.
I would do if I had any change, you could go and.
get me some change if you want.
Oh!
Oh this is n't fair!
No, I want a three I do I want a three then it'll be mine.
Ai n't on ten ten's got it.
Nearly was yours nearly was nearly got it I'm supposed to remember when I put these tapes on, half past seven till quarter past eight twenty past eight to when God this is gon na be awful, I shall never start, no leave that.
Oh heck, heck, heck and double heck!
I give up I do.
Bye.
Oy!
This is daft playing for five P ha ha.
Innit though?
Not a this is yours three I've got three pairs, oh and I should n't tell you anyway cos you'll bloody beat me anyway, so.
Pair of kings no I've got it wrong.
Sorry Pair of.
eights.
Do n't take that.
Then I'm not playing then.
Yes dear.
I think I wo n't beat you, look at that one forty two three jacks queen.
you know the last three runs.
I had nine, ten, jack, queen, king and a two.
Mhm.
Filthy.
It's absolutely filthy.
If you go in the loo there's well for months or during the summer hours counting how many moths was on the window sill and flies, you know, they sort of got more each week when you went and the cobwebs it's wonderful!
And Stuart sat down in, because they got these wooden old chairs, have n't they with arms on them and he he sat there like this with his arm and went, I said Stuart whatever's that on your arm?
He said, come off the chair and all the along the bottoms of the tables and you can write your name in the dust!
No but I mean it is.
Cos I said to Bob, are they managers or what, cos if they're managers surely.
they they get an allowance for somebody to clean and if they've got a cleaner, I mean, they should have sacked them a long while ago!
It is it's dirty, there's no other word for it.
It is it's disgusting, I mean it could be a nice pub that really the gardens are about this high in weeds.
It is n't now how long's he been.
there?
We would n't go in at a, I would n't go in at all, but Stuart's mum used to live right opposite and she likes to go in occasionally cos she sees all her old friends, she do n't see them very often so she likes to go in and see all her old friends, otherwise I do n't.
That's nice in the Loco.
It's nice in there.
It's a nice little pub and it's all, it's busy as well and.
But it's s but it's nice is n't it?
Nice atmosphere in there.
Yeah I do n't mind the Loco Oh bloody hell!
I have n't got nothing so.
Do n't worry about it.
Six, seven, eight.
Queen flush.
Ace,.
Where abouts do you live then?
Oh are they?
Mm I used to live which is.
erm not far away.
I know the.
Well down the bottom end I live not where the flats and the houses end, that end.

Would n't think so.
You'll have that and nothing or that and nothing.
Which is the highest, ask yourself, that must be three fours.
Er king king, jack and nothing to go with it.
Ooh!
Ca n't sort.
them out any better four sixes erm and a.
King flush.
Nothing.
Shoo hello dear.
Yeah.
No.
I'm positive thank you.
I am certain, I may have one before I go over, be real naughty.
I'm dieting before Christmas you see and er.
Well then a then I ca.
Oh if I was up in Yorkshire I would.
It's different.
Ninety nine P a pint it was.
er er er doub.
No, Yorkshire.
er Tetleys.
all of them thi Theakstons they were all and double, pound for double spirits they were by the pub what we stayed in stayed at the Black Bull at.
Boroughbridge.
It's a twelfth century haunted inn, it was wonderful, the food.
The Black Bull, Boroughbridge it was wonderful really was and they treat us really, and I mean it was n't expensive and I had sa fresh salmon and duckling and oh then I.
came back and put half a stone on, right, diet!
Stood on the scales and screamed!
It was wonderful, it really was then we went into Yor me he took me to Betty's and York for.
Th th there's a place a coffee, tea room place called Betty's in York, there where took me in where you have the head waiter take you to your table, for coffee, you know wonderful!
Yeah, it's absolutely wonderful, it really is I mean then, so I had to cakes and so on there and.
never, never stopped eating eating and drinking.
It's wonderful.
I know.
Yeah.
But when yo when you walk in the door, I mean, first Stuart knew so he that's why he took me in, and we walk in and there's a head waiter would you like a table for two sir would you like a non smoking or a smo and then he showed you to your table and pulled your chair, you know, I mean tha not what you expect in a tea shop or coffee place you know i ha ha and they have proper waitresses with the little hat on, you know she'll get about four tables so they're looking after you and even on your saucer where you had your I mean yo your teapot and everything on the saucer's a little mat so that you do n't drip, if it drips.
it does n't go on your clothes, you know the whole works it's absolutely wonderful!
No, and there was.
and the whole place, you know the ladies loos were like er as even a five star hotels, you know ha, wonderful it was, I could n't believe it!
Oh yeah there was lots of foreigners, Americans and foreign people there all with maps out on the tables, trying to find their way round York, which I knew that Stuart knew so it was n't too bad for us, but there's loads of people, you know thought how do we get to this from here and well it's certainly a a an experience.
Is there no more bitter lemon?
Thank you.
It's innit?
And it does n't say it has to be other people here probably not, every bit of it.
but.
Mm.
I ca n't do much about that, I mean you ca n't go sticking in other people's noses.
Oh wrong way round two kings, two eights.
That's it that's all you got.
Oh boys on it.
Oh I've got a handful of bloody pairs here, wait a minute got fo I've only got three feels like a bloody handful of them!
Ca n't do nothing here Ai n't got nothing there.
Well I have to, I ai n't got nothing else.
Oh not one flush.
Yeah but then it split the bloody pairs all in bits.
Could n't make a lot with that, could I really?
there for three pairs which was just as well I stopped you on the last one.
Oh I want card for run and I bet I ca n't bloody do owt with this lot.
Ca n't even bloody hell!
Ai n't got eight ha ha.
I do n't bloody know how to play!
Yes.
Oh yeah.
Oh I did n't see that, oh.
I did n't see that love.
I did n't see that last flush, I could n't ba, I could n't sort them out.
I know that.
Oh I do n't know I ai n't got nothing.
Oh I'm not playing this, bugger it!
You chose, I ca n't sort it out I ai n't playing no more, it's damn boring!
Load of rubbish innit?
Nines and a pair of fours.
That's it.
That's it.
Was n't that a damn boring game!
Cry.
Cry.
Yeah.
Pardon?
No not with all these people here no getting me wrong, I'm not.
Ca n't lose tonight can they?
How about that?
I think I'll leave the rest of that tonight.
I'll leave this for tonight now.
It is yeah.

Yeah yo.
e e e he told me you were playing ladies, I said oh I bet you enjoyed them all, bet you go over that bloody table!
Yeah, that's what I said to him, I bet you had good fun.
Yeah he said you were.
Said I bet you quite enjoyed yourselves you lot.


You tired?
Did they get it in?
Did?
He wanted me have a go, but I'm not no I I'll have a go another time when it's quiet, not when there's be been showing me.
I feel like I've only played.
once and he was showing me how to do it, I could he hardly hit the.
ball!
I've had one I've had a go.
No.
No, I mean.
No it's when it's quiet.
When we there's only you and Shirley here I'll have another go cos you wo n't laugh!
Well you might but it.
wo n't matter.
Yeah I bet you would!
Think she need to hit the bloody ball at first!
Could I?
Got ta a hit the ball!
I'll just get a few.
I was.
er.
you know It was quite good fun really, I enjoyed it.
Erm.
What are you doing at the moment?
is n't it?
Yeah.
Drink it straight down.
Yeah.

Oh.
Yeah.
I know.
Yeah.
Oh.
Oh just as long as they're.
oh that's nice.
then.
I see.
I'll have a Bacardi now please, one before I go home.
Yes please.
I'm trying to be very good but er I can only so much of that!
I'm allergic to it.
I heard.
Oh I get it all over, terrible.
Mm.
I ca n't touch orange.
Luckily I'm not over.
keen.
I just get, if someone.
if you sat there peeling an orange and some of the juice squirted on me, I'd I'd blister.
Sore it gets.
I would n't dare eat them I'd be in a terrible state.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah same as.
this.
I know a little boy who had that.
Yes.
Yeah.
Funny innit?
It's years since I've dared have an orange yeah if I eat an orange, I'd damn well.
get blisters over me wherever it touches try and eat one, I'd have them on my tongue and in my mouth and everywhere.
Just dare n't touch them.
Yeah.
Only look what I've er.
I probably could, it depends if it's got real orange in cos when I went to work at Lockwoods at Lymestock.
we had some carbonated drinks factory I said well they they asked me if I'd go over there and I said I ca n't work in there I'm allergic to oranges and he said oh bloody or I've never seen an orange, do n't worry, you know it's all chemicals!
Orange flavours that's about as much as what we'd ever get in here!
There's no blooming so I mean I could drink something like that, which is purely chemical and never seen as li a damn orange That's all it is is flavourings and water and.
sugar and.
But yeah, but the pure orange I would n't dare to touch Cos they're some of them canned orange drinks are.
are not orange, they're all.
Yeah.
that's it.
And if someone just squirted, just.
squirted on, that would be it.
Yeah.
It's the only time Stuart does, if they're away.
He loves it, but he would n't have one at home.
I've offered him, I mean it's not as if.
it's not there, but he just wo n't.
he says no I ca n't, it's a special and when you're on holiday it's different you can sit down and enjoy it.
and relax and.
and er if you're going to work or something you do n't er.
Yeah.
He does when they're on holidays.
stay and have brea.
Did n't really want it.
Yeah but.

Brought it in.
Oh yes.
Sweet ha ha ha ha.
Oh.
Mm.
Wh whe where we go in Yorkshire that Stu Stuart usually gets them out of the Cameron the the pub one, where we go and stay and or they're dealing with you know what he's like with his deal, he knows if it's there it's usually good fun so, you know.
Oh.
So.
I'd just as soon stay in a small pub.
rather than wholesale outlet.
Well like Black Bull at Boroughbridge you mean?
I mean I know it's a beautiful old pub the meals are absolutely wonderful!
But, well it was only a pub.
I mean t to for the cooking that they did for a pub it was and we had duckling and salmon, poached.
salmon and.
wonderful meals and she she was a real good.
good cook.
I mean the only th there was only about twelve or fourteen that she could cater for fo for a meal, you know, she had her dining room.

Yeah.
An tha and that was about it but.
I mean they were really lovely meals!
look after you so well.
Mm.
Yeah.
No you see I'd I I'd.
prefer to try.
if I'm going out for a meal I prefer to try something different, you can have a steak at home, I mean.
so, but I would n't go and get salmon.
or duck, yeah and say.
Yeah.
Me I'd rather try something different.
So wh why have so why go out for a meal and and eat something that you.
you can have at home anyway and.
That's what I like about.
Raw?
yeah.
I I rather have a.
starter or a.
or.
I always have the main meal and the sweet, Stu Stuart has a starter and the main meal.
Cos I I love the sweets see.
then I ca.
then I ca n't, if I eat the starter then the main meal I do I ca n't eat the rest.
I love the sweets.
Week you go.
No I on a weekly then you might have four or five dishes on it.
and then the next week she'll have.
you know, another lot.
I mean she does everything, you know, burgers you know, stuff that people want, I mean that's bar meals, but to sit in the dining.
room you have.
proper meals.
If you wish.
So.
so she did I think it was four se special meals then when we were there there was salmon, duckling.
Sit in there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
When you're eating, no.
that's right, I know.
Yeah.
right.
No.
She do n't want to be,.
Stuart's the one for a cook marvellous, Stuart is should have been a chef, he should smashing cook.
Smashing cook, he is.
I'm not that bad but Stuart can beat me if he gets in the cooking mood,.
Mhm mm.
Same time that's the.
Hot and.
It's getting used to.
Who won then?
Who won Stuart?
Oh getting a clever devil is n't he?
That's it.
and.
You're telling me you're playing la, he told me he plays in ladies teams, I bet you all had great fun, watching them women bending over table.
Yes that's what that's what I said.
to him, in the.
tight trousers he kept saying.
Said he ai n't going no more.
Said he ai n't going no more, if I find out it's a ladies team that's it he'll be banned.
No thank you.
Changing the subject quick.
Oh.
Yeah.
As long as she's.
, yeah.
Mhm mm mm mhm.
there maybe.
No, she do n't.
Why should she?
Why should.
you put up with it?
I mean it's your home as well as your.
pub innit?
They'd have a fit.
No that's it.
Stuart do n't like it in front of a woman.
That's it.
well we used to come in here before went and that has n't been the same at night cos it got a bit so he'd say excuse me, love there's ladies present here ca n't have that.
Felt the same way and he said as you can see Ann's here we wo n't be having no more of that.
They shut up.
Mind you, like I said Stuart I was in the bar and and if I did n't like it I could of gone in the lounge so I mean they could n't ha he would n't have it.
Yeah just cos you're in a a an open.
plan.
show up.
and said they were sorry you know.
It'll be alright after that but.
they said he was a just a really.
But I mean he ju he just stares at you.
No.
Yeah she should pay for it and all.
Yeah.
Oh dear.
Yeah that wo n't help.
Oh I know.
Yeah, it does n't help.
And you you have a rest.
I see.
I see.
Yeah.
And it was picked up.
funnily enough used.
used it before Christmas.
Yeah,?
Oh I like Friday night.
few odds and.

It's always goes quiet Christmas and New.
Year.
Yeah well that's it.
They have n't got one.
we like about it one of.
the things.

No.

And especially.
A project.
No I I'm recording people's conversations for a new dictionary they want.
words to combine a new dictionary and dialect some things.
Oh.
You're not supposed to be aware of it, you're supposed to say normal, we sat in a pub last night and this man started telling me a dirty joke, so that's on it.
What are you gon na wear it round all town in the shops and that?
What and you ca n't have people?
I was asked to do it.
Stuart is n't on.
Just ordinary people I do it.
in the canteen but I ca ca n't take that into the factory Only do it for a week, you've spilt that, Helen!
Dirty.
devil!
But we right I warn you now, yeah.
I've only.
got three fives.
Well they do n't want the queen's English they want blooming in fact up er.
they want normal speech, they do n't even people do n't even know it's been going on.
Do I walked round with it yesterday and nobody noticed well actually I had it on my cardi.
I had the microphone like that nobody even knows it's on there do n't take any notice of it.
By the way.
Yeah but I shall I sh the sound's at the back they'll really know go somewhere.
speak or whatever You can hear it's just.
Probably.
Eh, so.
They do n't to be quite honest.
They might.
Still ca n't you dare to make him an offer on it?
In a.
Right.
No.
So well actually I've been robbed you got your own villas.
Show them council houses.
that will and right opposite there's some new houses, one of them.
Stuart is, I'm not.
Well it's a bit quiet is n't it, with all.
With my leg, it's that it there's no.
It's not as though you got cars going the same ca n't doing any of that.
Do what?
Be quite gentle with it.
What time did you leave that other one then?
What?
Yeah.
Enjoy it.
That's what I mean.
Then I.
There's.
probably have the usual.
Oh I think I'm alright with that.
Yeah.
innit?
Yeah.
Leave it!
If he thinks he can and cause trouble, he would.
As far as he's concerned I'm still living with wherever.
he wo n't we're be okay.
No I'm more nervous that.
yeah and that.
I used to I've got them, you can hear the proof.
Innit, oh the fear, he'll do it.
Cos I told him we're through.

Every four, four days.
Yes.
Let's see them then.
Can you go and get me the key?
Yes.
Yeah he's going now.
What?
Ay?
Here we are.
Mm.
I've had a good run all week, I've er.
Oh I'm thinking we came out here all I want is some.
Oh God!
Yeah but the thing is you're better off going to Gateway first.
No that's right.
Should of done it last night when it was empty then.
You ca n't use my cos you would n't get your stuff back ha.
a lot if they're in there somewhere cold.
If you're going those people are they wanting, we'll be away in a minute ah?
Well I will.
Why?
It would n't hurt.
Ha?
John's taking your hair!
Ask Steven.
Ah?
either.
Bottle in that block?
Aha I thought they were n't going to work for him Did he get the job at.
Long way to bloody go!
Cost them a fortune in.
in packed lunch.
He'll be pleased to get back.
home though.
Go up them go up them.
Let's have some money?

Well I.
My favourite.
Yes.
Want it nearer?
Pay now and you do n't worry.
Tape recorder's on.
What about?
Well i you have a look and see how much a Gloria Estefan tape is.
Stuart.
In here.
I told you lots.
of people can.

Well you.
No I'll try that.

come on.

That's not bad for a job.
seven ninety nine.
Not as big as that old bloody.
Gloria Estefan at the moment, so I thought I'd just get him the got a couple of records LP's or whatever you call them now.
Did n't say he was n't.
Yes he'd rather play the cassette as the no not his.
Oh ah.
I have that as well.
Wan na have a look in here She'll be coming in, look, follow her.
What? so I can have a bit.
The wo the one I've got here.
That one dear with the.
no this one,.
there.
Yeah.

Wha what a.
freezer?
How much do you want it?
That's all in one that.
It's quite good that.
It's all in one apparently.
Alright?
Are we waiting?
Sorry!
I wonder if they got that out, you'll have to have a new cooker.
This is nice.
It's no good having them, but I've got a blue kitchen in my house, I wo I wo n't pay seven hundred quid anyway, that's not bad for the money even if they were only six seventy quid.
I would n't pay all that.
Hang on is n't it?
Oh that's funny, is n't it.
Mm.
Mhm that's not what I want.
Oh yeah that is nice is n't it?
Yeah well they're safety things for kids do n't like that Like this one though.

Yeah come on then.
I'm your other nanny.
What am I?
Your nanny.
Okay then.
Well they pick all those.
paid ones not any.
oh no.
Unless you go in ca n't see it, oh.
There's nobody.
in there.
Nobody in there look.
It's your shout is n't it?
You get the drink Unless Stuart's.
in there.
What do you want.
dear?
Oh there's no end I've had nothing but flipping drink!
And I've I've had it!
How can.
you do it if it is off the trolley?
Well I do n't recognise him.
No, I mean I know him, very well, I work with hi I work with his mother and his his mum and him are in my teams.
Mind you I think he does well I do n't know him boy lives near me.
Anyone round here can be.
a friend of Jean's, not that far from where we live.
Yes.
Believe.
me.
The hard life, no.
Where we going then?
No Dolls, no Row doughs.
That's it.
Row do.
In house.
Oh?
Where's your father?
Where's uncle Malcolm?
Helen that's on the tape.
Be upset!
Oh.
Not bothered.
Well that has n't take him long, did it?
After all of a.
fortnight and he's.
Well.
She's not a.
bitch a bitch, I mean he left What's she doing when he's coming out?
Ai n't got no home to go to.
Bet you'll be lumbered.
Ai n't got no mother and father now they're together.
Oh they'll.
Oh.
Come here.
Oh God, I do n't know why.
I'm going in there for one,.
Mm.
Mm.
Blooming fiver an all.
I'm just having a walk round this way.
Oh do n't be silly, that ai n't gon na keep her warm!
That's fair, look.
Only one pair.
Gloves.
Here's the gloves.
They do gloves in that.
gloves.
You ca n't afford them, love, come on let's go to Poundstretchers or next best thing.
Come on then.
What?
Music.
Sing for nanny then.
Music.
Yeah music.
What?
We wan na go this way.
What?
Honestly?
Might listen to music.
Oh well.
I ai n't wandering round here forever.
I know but I'm still not wandering around for hours I'm warning you now!
wo n't keep them on anyway, chuck them away.
Ca n't afford one otherwise I'd get you one for Christmas, but I ca n't afford it.
I got about fifteen.
quid to last me.
the week, after that.
Who's that for?
You just what?
Yeah nothing to do with me is n't it.
I do n't know!.
I think this stall.
Get those They're alright for.
They're inside Helen.
Oh are n't they?
It looks alright.
It's too small be too big for her now.
That is as well, hanging over his eyes.
Here it is He must have a haircut, it's too long would n't wear a hat anyway, I'd chuck it away.
What?

Yeah.
Oh he seemed.
Yes definitely.
looks as if she pregnant.
She looks fairly big.
She does.
No, there's no good getting at my.
Oh!
Oh!
How far is it now?
Oh.
Yeah.
Do n't do cos.
you'd never see them.

I say I'll.
You want some, get some then!
Somebody's fingers in a grave there.
Well I know the feeling.
Are you have n't that?
Er.
Where?
Oh he's fun is n't he?
Looks nice there that's nice and.
warm.
That's nice is n't it?
There thumby in that one.
Handy, no this one.
in Helen I ca n't get one in.
You do it then cos I ca n't.
There were n't long enough string.
I ca n't do, you do it, you're his mum!
Put your fingers like this.
love Ricky.
Do that.
Too much work, I was just.
Do n't hurt him.
I wondered if they might have.
stuck in the.
He'll never manage with them.
Roll them back.
Here look darling fingy go in thumby go in.
that one in that one.
Oh Helen this'll never work!
You'll never be able to put his hand in here!
I'm not messing about like that all day.
Look people wan na get past Helen!
Here's the bag.
Do n't you!
There are.
Tara Bye bye.
Those are ninety nine p, this time.
Got up all night and walked round and round and round on his blooming bad leg!
Ay?
Do n't you mean.
Are you putting a suit on?
Good cos you wo n't get in a.
Where are them then?
Yeah well you wan na.
Your girlfriend's got no.
It's not going off the rails.
with.
No, you're not last year.
You're sighing.
Friends.
A bit more than friends.
got feelings.
Just friends for the moment.
At the moment.
Jammy devil!
You're a randy little bugger are n't you?
Careful how you're driving.
Well if you're driving then.
Wo n't get drunk or owt will you?
Mind the road!
now do n't take them off.
Come on.
Yeah.

They've sold out they're gon na get them.
Look we can if you're not quiet!
I thought I'd make this week, I had four last week.

They're in here?
Where are they Helen?
Here's your nappy.
You'll have to throw these out.
Outside, out the way.
Thank you.
Where's he gone?
I got ta go to Gateway.
Oh.
Yeah.
We were gon na buy a flat up there.
We were but they're tiny!
No, no no.
No they were only twenty six thousand.
Well quite, and then I said.
no twenty six, I'm glad.
I went and had a look, that one went.
That one look.
Yeah it's big enough for one but it is n't it big enough for two, that's the one we went to see.
That's the one we went to see.
Yeah but.
It's only got a bed in the bedroom you.
would n't be able to bloody move!
Open the door and ju open the door, and jump.
on the bed.
Just open the door and jump on the bed, if you want to put a bed in.
No I know no it's it's alright for one.
but not for two I mean me and Stuart.
not exactly little are we,.
We had a look.
I know well it's not your do n't wan na open the door and ca n't open the door properly cos the bed's there, one step and you're on the bed.
No.
Oh I If I.
much time if I, If I'd been on my own.
Live and learn.
No.
it's gone.
Yes.
What?
What darling?
The what?
he's gone now gone to see if his horses have won.
Nine to four, that's what he wants.
Half a dozen nine to four winners in the alphabet.
That'd get good house, without a mortgage, ha.
You got got ta have.
Two pounds sixty to tell them how to do that six horses and if you win good prizes, you get a thousand or two with if you win.
Rather than going to church.
Who?
No I got ta look in here, where are you going?
Oh no, I'm not having in there, with the pushchair and the.
I wo n't be a minute.
Hello.
Sorry ha ha ha.
Just looking.
I'm just looking thank you.
Yep.
Helen!
I'll just stop here to get the erm I'll stop here with her.
Only I want Only just get me a tin of hair lacquer, normal hold for tinted that's all I want.
Or ooh no not or a super hold nothing like that.
I'll give you the money, but that's all I want silly me going.
round, is n't it?
Been a good girl who's a good girl then?
Hey?
Who's a good girl?
What?
Good girl?
Yeah?
Been a good girl?
Only joking!
Er two please can I have another one, please?
No I'm just resting.
No thi this size, I got one bigger than the other one,.
How much is this?
Where's my?
No Where is she?
Where is she?
Do n't expect me to carry them!
You'll never push a pushchair with that lot on, Helen.
Give me one of those bags, I suppose I've got to carry them!
Go and get them.
Go ahead, right open your legs.
He's pulling his trousers down!
Ha.
He's got his hands down in his pockets in the.
Hands in pockets he's copying.
him you just ca n't see him, Jonathan.
Kept on pulling his trousers down and putting his out in his pockets.
they're all hanging round his ankles.
It's only cos he's doing it.
Yeah Jonathan does that, ah aha.
Bib bib bib bib!
That was a car, yeah.
Was a bus was it?
Was it a bus.
or a car?
When you meeting your mate then?
Ooh have I got a?
Got time to help her with this shopping and bloody come and get your mail!
Pick up one of them bags for her I were n't watching anyway out.
Come here.
Come here.
Just Ricky!
It's our house Cos I we had a look at that one, that flat.
No they're not in there I thought they it would be dark.
Oh there's.
Oh my God! she'll be happy!
That's all she ever wanted.
was baby were n't it?
Were n't it?
All she ever wanted was a.
baby.
She's not il a bloody what do you call it?
Oh.
Oh.
Bloody hell!
Hoo hoo.
Who?
Our Steven?
Why what's he done?
Oh God!
What did you say?
So you should have said to him.
wait till you need some help.
Aha.
he comes round, and just say no, I'm not doing nothing for you.
What about when you borrowed our battery when yours would n't go?
Just say no and if he again say no.

Go on.
felt like it.
No you do n't forget Helen he could come down.
and ask for any help in doing his car do n't go to work or can he borrow this, just say no I'm sorry you could n't help us and I'm your sister so now I ca n't.
help you.
I know about it.
Well, you can just do the same with him.
You're not that bothered are you?
Yeah well I my son but he do n't treat a mother.
He would n't of come th wa on his Saturday before his birthday he would n't of come and seen me unless he thought he was getting something out of it.
Yeah exactly!
Did n't come cos he wanted to did he?
He.
could n't wait to get away as soon as he got his bloody present, he was.
gone!
Do n't worry he's not getting nothing for Christmas but a card and that's it Ca n't even come and say hello, so bugger him!
Does n't bother me You, Stu and I have been broken hearted a few months ago and I've cried over him not coming to see me but not any more.
Well I have.
Yeah and it turn them different.
How do you think you'd feel like she did n't want to know you when she grew up.
Does daddy go in there drink drinks does he?
Does Ricky go in there?
You've been in there have you?
I'll just leave it there he'll be at home with his mother now watching them on the telly.
Stuey Stuey going in there.
Gone home now.
Gone home to see his mummy.
Careful.
Oh yeah Got a tre got and tree and all the decorations are there.
He ai n't putting them up is he take them down to Helen's then some lovely decorations we'll ask him for them Helen.
Why?
There's a lovely tree and a lovely decorations there Could do with tree they're not gon na use it, you might as well have them.
For the kids.
Might n't you?
Did you get in before Christmas?
Bloody hell!
Are yo you signed the papers?
No?
Yeah and it said go in next.
week to sign them.
And you both sign.
Oh well post through there, yeah?
Who's there mum.
in there.
Okay!
Stinks of dog in here, dunnit?
Big sticks.
all over the place.

Still stinks.
in here, well they must have bloody hamsters then.
Something bloody stinks, dunnit?
Can you smell it?
Do you want a fag?
Did you have enough money for that prescription?
Oh you do n't have to pay do you?
You're not are you, on YTS, you do n't.
Just put that on.
Mm.
Who's that?
Who's that?
Cat.
What's it for, painkillers?
You should of bloody gone and got it, it'll be shut this afternoon, some of th chemists.
Boots are, I know.
Hurt.
Does it hurt, does it?
Oh shut up!
Somebody want a cup of tea?
What?
Ca you take your coat off?
Music, yeah, do n't touch!
Do n't touch the music.
Ann love.
Yes.
I have n't got any headphones so I ca n't have a.
listen to yourself.
You ca n't.
Oh I got them but I mean I ai n't brought them with me.
It's got a radio and everything on it.
I'm only borrowing it.
I ai n't got no headphones with me.
It's only lent to me for a week.
bu she's back next Friday for it.
It's got a radio and tape on it.
Tell him he's got ta er his prescription.
What?
Why ask me?
How can you go to a nightclub tonight like that?
Yeah look what you done to yourself.
What's dad get now, Sun or the Star, or does.
normally get two?
Does he like the dog?
Or is he fed up of it?
Well why does n't he put bloody newspaper there?
leave that!
Your tea?
Where did you get the?
Yeah.
Yes please you got ta meet him somewhere first, provided.
he's going.
A ma.
Ah yeah bu a.
She foreign then?
Got lovely handwriting, look.
er girl is.
cos this is.
Hey!
Up here.
He do n't like wan na get on my shoulder.
working?
What does that mean?
No very rarely.
Kettle has gone off.
take his advice.
Mm.
You want drinky?
Tell mummy.
Tell mummy.
Dog's got the gloves.
Tell mummy.
And that's all!
your feet that time and get on with it.
Helen.
bloody, ca n't afford no chips, go and get us some.
Ask him?
If you go in the chemist shop, they have pens.
for signing.
Go in the chemist, they'll have a pen inside.
prescription.
Ee.
mummy got some, look.
Ricky pass mummy the ashtray?
Hold it properly.
Do n't be too long cos I've got ta go home.
Mm.
Mind do n't spill the tea should n't make it so bloody.
Where's your letters anyway, you should be looking at.
What is it?
Warm, warm.
now cool it is.
Yes.
Look in there!
No touch!
Then they're be moving we'll be nearer then.
Come down occasionally ca n't you?
Twenty Got to fill the bloody tapes in a week, if I could.
Ca n't wear at work.
I ai n't done it yet.
Oh and how you.
pocket.
and clip the thing on there and they'll think it's a bloody radio or something!
I've got some headphones.
They're at work.
No I ca n't afford this.
Well then they wo n't talk to me they wo n't take any notice anyway, if they do, I've got a letter I can tell them what I'm doing.
Go on expla a letter will make a.
people if they say what the hell are you doing.
She's stirred him up.
If people say to you.
what the hell are you doing, you give them that and if they say they do n't wish to be on the tape you have to erase their voice.
Some people might not object although it's anonymous.
no one knows whose voice it is but.
I've got about ten of them to give people if they ask we what are you doing.
Ack is it?
I get twenty five quid for doing it.
Well I get twenty five quid's worth of vouchers from Marks and Spencers I shall buy Stuart a shirt, I'll give it for something for Christmas, wo n't it?
Yeah.
Thought to start, it'd be a bit of fun no harm is it.

And my turn.
Helen, he'll hurt it.
Me ear.
father.
Say Nan.
likes him.
Full of moans and groans as usual.
Ha?
Probably wants a drink.
Well give it some blooming food then!
Cor.
Well go and get it fed then!
Go in Jonathan.
Mine!
Mine!
Mine!
Mine!
Mm.
I'll fit in it.

A.
Will Dad be in that?
That.
Are you?
No it's best leave it dry in a separate.
Yep it's separate separate water.
here are, dinner.
How?
Oh see him.
Say that.
You have been feeding it though?
Bananas.
Should n't pe leave her to lick the plates though.
That was.
See Jonathan's gon na get you some.

Funny looking thing.
Out dog.
Yes.
Stop it now.
Very bad.
Alright.
that stuff down there.
Identity card.
Anybody.
Oh better turn it off.
Mm.
Did n't you bring any Helen?
Did n't he mend it?
No.
Nan did that and buggered hers up.
You get some boiling water in a bowl and stand in th heat of the boiling water will melt it what I used to do.
Yeah get a little bowl and stand it in.
Do it Friday night go Friday night.
Might get one in you.
Yeah well he reckoned.
Have to a have a slice of bread or something, wo n't you?
What is it?
Let's have a look at the packet.
Read all of this stuff.
It's a blooming extra one you're supposed to have twenty eight thirty.
For Jonathan's poorly leg.
Yeah.
Mine's alright you heard Bernie little thingamy cup with the.
Blow it, it's hot Pull it down so she can reach.
Ah Bernie.
Well they can see you.
Hot, mm.
Do n't they have a day release thing?
Well.
He's eaten hers off the floor.
Ooh mind Jonathan's knee darling, it's poorly.
She's gotten them all round here.
look.
Sit down then sit down then.
Tripping over her shoe laces.
Sit down then.
Yes.
She's alright sitting there.
Mm.
Nanny soon have to go where do I go?
Where am I going?
Who am I going to see?
Pardon?
Stuart?
Well what colour they made your leg stop hurting.
I would n't live with your father if he took drugs, I'll tell you be dead.
All that matters is your leg gets better dear.
Wo n't he be wondering where.
you are?
Father.
Oh that lad next door.
Under the table you'll find a chip.
The one lives next door to me.
Definitely crossword time, I've got ta have a go at it but there's not a lot left in there nothing in the teapot.
Sorry, do you want another one?
Do you want me to go and make you another one?
He is erm.
Yeah.
See how well we do this week.
Yeah, it's not cold, are you cold?
Really.
Yeah.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.

Perch.
Yes.
Easy.
Erm now that's one for you.
What is it?
Mhm.
Elver.
Oh what do they call it, what you have at Christmas instead of?
Capon.
It's not allowed now actually.
No ca n't sell you a capon any more, not now.
I do n't think it's anything to do with that, but I know there's a you ca n't have a capon any more.
Could be loads, could n't it.
They've got yellow on same white as.
Erm.
No.
Try Mark, Luke or John.
Mark, Luke or John innit?
It's only Matthew that it's not.
A seance That's what.
Shirley wanted us to go to.
That's what Shirley said, are you coming to church so she go she goes to a spiritualist.
I said no staying at, mum, she said well bring mum I said I do n't think her a her her scene.
Would n't you?
Oh I'll take you some time then, I love it.
I love it, I do.
That's oh yes lots hundreds I always go.
Well I did n't think you might not be interested.
Have you been before?
You'd like to.
Shirley's really into it, I used to be.
I used to be, but I have n't been for a long while I used to we ca n't say that I was there last year but.
Well any Sundays.
Is n't it behind Angles.
Behind Angles Theatre on Alexander Road.
It's every Sunday, Shirley goes ev they've.
gone now.
Mm sometimes in the week she goes as well.
Sorry dear.
Alright we'll go then not next week cos She er Sheila will be here.
Next one dear, sorry.
Manager.
Oh innit just.
Lyrics.
Who knows.
Yep.
No birthplace of not Mother Theresa, Saint Theresa.
Turin.
Oh.
God!
Ico rococo or something like that.
Yeah probably is.
Ah I dunno.
Female of the ruff?
What is a.
Yeah but you wrote it in, so you must know the answer, I saw you write it in what's the answer?
Oh.
Aha.
Three, seven, four seven twelfth night The twelfth night?
What is it then?
The Winter's Tale.
Seville.
That's six er what then?
Navel.
Dunno David.
Blank I R.
Tima.
Do n't know.
Petal.

Topaz.
No idea.
Yeah, a.
something, something something.
And something of something.
No that's.
Charles Dickens.
No we'll have to see if we get some.
Mutloe.
Marley.
Marley's ghost.
Asia.
Bison.
Tench.
Mark.
Agent.
Oh yeah, it's a funny name.
Yeah something like that.
Yeah something like that, funny name.
You got a headache again?
I knew you had We ai n't going out tonight, we're stopping here well I am.
I'm not!
Not going to bus stop tonight as well.
We are!
Well I'm stopping the night.
unless you're gon na chuck me out.
No you're not you got bad head again, you're.
Couple of couple of tablets.
Couple of tablets.
Begins in a and ends with a.
Oh dear.
Gardening book out.
Oh yeah Acacia.
Oh.
I do n't know what a calyx is, I just thought petal fitted in, I mean I do n't know.
What's a calyx then?
Oh well if it's seeple then it wo n't be the petal.
will it?
Because is n't in there.
Mm sshh sshh better look that up.
Importance.
A woman of no importance.
Yeah.
Yeah it is But I could n't tell you ho.
how to spell it, but it is some funny name like that.
Oh, no idea.
No be in a.
Be in a.
Be in a dic er encyclopedia, wo n't it.
Mm.
Yeah.
Ca n't fly in the dark.
Yeah, they'll come out of it they think it's daylight again.
Yeah I know.
No cos it's dark and they wo n't fly.
Yeah they wo n't fly when it's dark, they just stay where.
They ca n't fly at night.
You're not right, you're not like you should be.
No a I ca n't see that that Friday is now Sunday night.
Maybe, you still got a headache, and you're still not right you would n't of.
gone to sleep if you were alright No never mind and you're going the doctor's we'll make appointment tomorrow cos you wo n't and if I make one you'll have to blooming go and do it.
Oh.
I ca n't see that that could of been Friday's episode that's still effecting you today.
You do n't know, depends on what it is.
You might have a touch of blood pressure or something, you do n't know and i.
if you have it wants treating no good waiting till you're really ill is it?
Better to go in to nothing and then not go and it is something.
I know.
Does makes you feel tired, when you do n't do anything.
You seem more tired than if you had of been a really hard day.
They not well?
What is it then?
Who wrote the Four Horseman.
I mean I've heard of the Four Horseman and the Apocalypse but I never know who wrote it.
Oh.
All done.
Mm do n't think mum's in the mood for a quiz read.
Ha ha ha.
No.
No there never is at this time of day, there is n't news.
an.
Oh yeah.
What time's London's Burning on, nine o ' clock?
Oh eight forty five tonight, if yo what time till then, ten?

London's Burning, second epis.
episode.
Yeah it's the last one.
Is n't that funny that reminds me of an old girl I had at Dennis House the one I used to be on i I used to have to get her in bed get her all propped up and then.
I used to have to go back up, after the supper and give her the and I had to go back up and turn London's Burning on then I used to have to go back up to turn it off.
but usually when I went back up to do it, she'd be sleeping.
And there would be London Burning bashing away and she'd be and I'd go in and I'd turn it off and then then then you know and she'd say.
Oh I do like that programme, she'd say.
she.
Yeah.
Yeah oh it's quite good I've seen some of that.
Yeah.
It was good.
Yes.

Oh I see.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Where are they?
What they've dropped down there?
Oh listen to it.
Is, I say, is Shirley.
Yeah and the longer.
Oh for god's sake!

You predi predict we're gon na get a nice house and.
and live happily after do you?
Oh alright then.
Mus must n't make an offer of something before we lose that one.
Earlies.
Well I mean we're off tomorrow so we might as well.
You get up all day, does n't matter we'll go in the afternoon.
You'll be up before three o'clock, matey!
I'll leave you till lunchtime but that's your lot.
Hide the whisky up.
And the records.
Well if the people at the back of her were having terrible row ah I I ha I hated it, it was horrible.
The people who were lived behind Ann there's a yo young couple in there I think he beat her up, I mean that I wanted to go round me, because I know what it felt like and I wished somebody had come and help me.
She was a scream.
No.
Oh it was terrible.
Yeah and Ann was on about it you see and I said oh well some noisy bloody neighbours and I and I said oh well it's like your telly innit!
Our telly?
I said yeah well that keeps us awake as well!
Oh, she said oh oh.
Oh it was horrible not the first time.
Well she screamed and he I reckon she locked herself in the bathroom and he about knocked the door down.
They do n't ca they do n't care I used to say that a if I said that to Steven pack it in, somebody will hear, he'd say well open the bloody windows and let them hear!
I've seen her, well yeah I've seen them both but I do n't know them, never spoken to them.
He looks a bit rough Police have.
been round there once or twice after him for a different thing.
But it's her house I mean they ai n't got no chi children or feel like saying to her whatever do you keep him there for.
It's her own home, I mean he come and live with her fo he does he belts her because I I y I know the signs and it oh it makes me go cold.
I feel like going round and.
I do n't know.
What's up love?
But I say sometimes when I was i like that I wished somebody would come round and knock on the door, perhaps.
just calm him down or something but.
see people.
Then I would report it.
Oh yes.
I wo i i if I'd of had a phone I'd have phoned the police then, I said to Stuart.
If I'd of had bi I'd have phoned the police and told them there's something awful going on next door.
Women screaming.
Oh they have to nowadays.

Well they used, but not now.
Well I would.

Ooh we're in trouble!
You'll have your peace.
tonight, when I've gone to bed.
Geneva.
Oh what is it then.
Oh.
Yeah so did I,.
South America.
It is.
South Africa that's what I meant, not South America, that's what I meant.
that's what I meant so.
I knew where it was.
Here.
Ha ha.
Do n't know er.
Mm.
Ah America.
We're not doing very well, you got one, I got none.
Russia.
Oh USSR!
Yes.
What's the matter?
Fossil.
Fossil.
Portugal I think.
The centre.
The core.
What else is it?
Adriatic.
Two and a half.
South Africa.
Ha.
I only know one.
Yeah.
it's the only one I know.
Yeah in a in a a submarine.
Oh not many people know that.
Mm mid-ocean group of islands made of granite?
Seychelles.
That's only a blooming guess, I do n't know of any mid-ocean bloody islands!

Impressed?
Japan.
I was gon na say they're not manufacturing much.
I thought Japanese manufactured everything.
Quirrinelle.
India.
A few miles away, we were!

Let's go through that again please.


Aha Karachi.
Oh bloody hell!

Good job I did n't have to read it!
He must of been an admiral of title somewhere else, ha ha.
Somebody else's navy.
Good God!
Must be about most.
I've ever had!
Most I've ever done, most of them.
Gon na beat me now, I should get that, can I have that card again please, that was a good one!
Stuart's got them.
Well I have n't.
I give you them.
They're by on the fireplace.
You put them there, I give you them.
Did.
Yeah.
for Christmas I'll have that!

I'm not, he'll beat me this time, you watch, I'll have a real hard one, I wo n't be able to answer anything!
Mm.
Do n't, stop shuffling them!
Ca n't see without my glasses on.
Could have somewhere in Scotland.
A whole country? not just Scotland Oh I do n't know then Scotland no, dunno.
Oh I I thought Hibernians!
I I I did n't know they was.
Mm, was for him.
He knows all about them kind of things, I do n't well I knew where they come.
from but.
The Indian oce.
The Indian ocean.
I told you I would n't answer any of these.
Is it part of another sea?
Mhm mm mm.
What was no, I dunno, no.
Yes.
Oh.
No, no.
Taiwan.
Oh bloody hell!
No.
terrible!
Either that or special!
Mhm mm.
Yeah.
Dunno, which three?
Ireland.
Be Ireland France and England.
It's teaching me a little bit, you see.
Tex Texas.
Mm, of course.
I know.
I've no idea.
No idea whatsoever.
Grand Marnier no idea.
No!
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Doctors not encourage you to.
Yeah but nothing cookers cheapest in town actually if you can find a er er the same make elsewhere.
for cheaper, they have to refund the difference.
That is their price that's their things their I mean it has to be a.
the same thing got the same make, I mean I can say well this is cheaper we'll you know.
Yes see reduced to a hundred and nineteen, took twenty quid off.
It's a quite good one, is n't it?
Yeah but.
It's.
No.
Our size.
Yes, fill out a form, There's my one.
These.
Collect it right away.
Use combinations with the microwave and This is my one.
Well, if you want it Aye?
Course you can and then, it because erm the way they stain it if we ca n't fix it.
Similar to that.
Feel it.
My.
No excuse me, he thinks taking him ages for.
should of.
You can get that one as soon as they.
even the one in the.
Yeah, but the thing I'd smu my mum would we do n't want one as far as these.
Not necessary blow my nose.
he's gone to pay the extra that will do I mean if I think I've I've but are you?
Used to the my whole down there than it was hanging up the, really I mean.
does n't matter anyway.
We could do with one for that in fact they'll be both.
Me, I did n't.
I want this one cos I do n't they probably have n't got any.
Oh and it's, to get a home over there.
a microwave.
come on.
overcharged me Got ta have bloody carpet.

She, he seems quite er er from the place.
You've better make this appointment or they wo n't know her name and.
Aye?
We're together thank you.
Well I'll have to admit I do like that a lovely there is n't a fridge in er in a my either.
What one?
Yeah, which one?
Yeah, see that other one with nine two sixty nine and electric bulb.
Like mum's.
And then you got seventy pounds worth of food vouchers as well, that's two hundred quid innit?
Yep.
I'm not I'm concentrating on cookers, microwaves and.
Bugger the rest!
Ha what did Stuart buy for Christmas?
Well a cooker, a microwave, a fridge.
What did you buy him?
Well erm set of braces.

Oh god!
I wrapped, I wrapped a set of braces for him.
Getting my room for Christmas good god!
No I never thought that they will be a few days!
What is it?
Relief ca n't want it in a fortnight it's not quite re another month's rent.
must go and do that quick.
a day, a fortnight ha.
I'm not paying another month's rent, I know that wo n't be two hundred and fifty quid would buy enough curtains.
to.
Gatey way then now?
Slim folk us So I'm not even looking in their shops any more.
the other shop Oh god!
Too much do n't tell me they sell cookers in here Right look at these marvellous no I mean the.
Top fridge one of these wait a minute all the same.
Are they any good?
So you can get the three in there, and bung them in as one package you get them while they got them voucher things on offer.
Whichever door you wish to go in darling.
Ha ha I'll walk past this and open the door and then run down the other one and open that one!
Where's mum's fridge?
I do n't see what's carrying or any of the colour.
Can I sit in?
You want to sit in, oh.
Any way you like dear I will breathe in.
Think so?
Might enjoy it, all these tellys all over the place.
Give them ten for it.
, mincemeat, dried cat food.
Ahhhh!
You mean you'll have it!
She wo n't have it, you know very well she wo n't, what do you want?
Mulligatawny, American and bacon, curried chicken, ham and mixed peppers.
or Batchelors?
We'll have a look at them banana or oh no I wo n't say it.

Nothing down there.
Flour and mincemeat should all be round here.
Plain you pay for the thing I'll pay for these go on.
I've got ours for the so that's one fifty two and how much are these?
Thirty seven.
seventy, yes she is, two pound twenty, there are mum ten I'll give it in the change, two pound twenty up to now wanted a big one I looked at that but there's a heck of a lot of erm.
suet in it I think it'll end up runny rather than with nothing inside of it and if you've got unless you want one as large as that I thought to myself.
But ha wo n't toilet rolls for you.
And sultana and nutmeg.
Mm tea bags, we must take back with us.
Oh you.
What colour?
Which colour?
It does n't, so you wo n't mind?
What do you want, a four or two?
Well they're seventy three for two and one twenty seven for four.
That's what I usually get, the four mind you, there's a cheaper one still, there but you want one of one of them.
They're not very good.
There's a twin pack here or will she want the bigger pack?
Eighty nine P.
Eighty nine.
I know.
I just hope they wo, they did n't have any the other day, did they, twin packs?
They have now.
Yes.
And for when people stay cos the other ones might go cos they're normally put in together.
Mm, it'll go yeah.
Nothing down here we want cat food, lard and Ryvita Ryvita will be down the bottom here, I suppose and lard is right she wants brown Ryvita quickly.
So we we'll try lard up that.
it's.
Get the cat food in here, it'll be cheaper.
One of the old kind in there.
Yeah.
Three fifteen plus two what, did I say?
That's five thirty.
five.
No it's for.
Well I thought if I get one this size, that will do for a few weeks rather than take some of them home and mess about better than there's a big packet like a big one at home I've just opened this morning so it's.
Well cos she ca n't.
No, no!
No.
Five thirty five.
No I ca n't ge I'm not buying.
I'm shopping as well all we want is cat food do you wan na go to pet shop or butchers along so.
Yes dried cat food.
Yes.
Here?
Yeah Rumpole and.
Coronation Street.
Yeah I know, they were n't very long series was it?
Half a dozen, that's all it's been.
I've got time?
You mean Stuey's got time!
Well I'll stay and have my bath between eight and nine and you can go and have a drink no I do n't think I'll be going out this evening.
He is an old gentleman, dear but er he is n't in a hurry what so ever.
Might be up to thirty.
Perhaps she's told him he's going too fast!
Careful, slow down!
It's forty mile an hour zone anyway, so he's in the right and you're in the wrong anyway.
What, when you're getting into town?
Oh well it is a Lada darling.
Ha it wo n't go more than that!
Yeah but perhaps it wo n't go more than that.
So normally you are way past the limit?
Cos you do n't go as slow as this, even round here something like that Ann.
You'll be old one day just think when you're a little old man sitting behind.
the wheel.
Aye?
What, thirty three!
Well one day you'll be about eighty, dear and you'll be the one sat there and someone saying, bloody hell look at that old codger behind the wheel!
Only I wo n't be around to live to see it.
Well when you're eighty odd I doubt it dear.
I think I'm pretty confident on that one when you're eighty I should be ninety five and the.
I do n't think I'd be going shopping anyway.
Oh Ann's got ta go and definitely have an operation, it could be before Christmas I'll start.
packing Friday on the way to mum Peter's mum she told them she's just in so much pain, she wants it doing so he's gon na get in, I said, it's poss that she'll be in six days and probably off a few weeks after when she gets home it's operation on her neck and shoulder they're going to release the nerve they reckon it's it's a she told them and do what they will with it.
you are in strange mood today, now you wan na run over a few cyclists, well there's an old lady and man there, I mean, why not pick them!
Ha.
Shame about that bungalow next door but one, cos that'd be a nice bungalow but it's not very lovely they do n't look after it very well.
Oh dear, they ca n't get the stuff up the stairs dear!
Got a wardrobe like ours and then oh no it is n't it's a combination one it's having to go up through the window let's hope they do n't drop it!
One with shelves in gentlemen's wardrobe.
Is it gon na get through the window, anyway?
Ha.
Well the chap next door's finding it very amusing!
That's not gon na go through that window anyway, is it?
Perhaps it er you do n't know where the stairs and what kind of stairs it is but them kind of units usually come to bits ours does.
Cos Rita assembled it for us.
Certainly having fun.
sat here watching him.
Aye?
Quite interesting.
It would n't be if it fell, would it!
Well then you'd laugh I should think, knowing you!
Stuart!
Stuart!
Do you think you could just open the door for me please!
Ha.
Ha.
A man trying to get a wardrobe through the bedroom window over there.
That's what we said.
He must have a awful stairs!
He's just about got it.
through.
Have they got a.
He's you're on.
candid camera!
Go on.
drop it he shouted!
He's the.
How are you?
Not hundred percent either.
Have you rung the doctor?
Ca n't get through?
Go into town for a li little while.
We do n't want anything up there.
No course not.
A shepherd.
I've got the carrots here for.
Oh.
I told you to leave it and I'll do it!
You do n't look well, you're not right, I can see, cos you do n't look well.
You do n't look well.
While we're up.
town I shall go around there, you can drop me and I'll make an appointment there while we're there.
Who do you want, Do Doctor or.
if possible?
No might as well.
Why not?
She can go with you.
Oh dear!
Ha oh dear!
Yeah on Sunday they do.
We had.
No you watch it, we're going.
We're.
We're popping in to estate agents.
We're going to estate agents but we thought.
we'd pop in see how you were and.
See if you want anything up town.
No.
Ca n't carry it.
Struggled with it a little.
She does n't really like his stuff.
You want some mincemeat?
Make a list, I'll get it for you.
Get and that and all's there anyway.
Well that's it, if you do n't feel like walking round the town tomorrow.

We I'll call in.
And I'll make appointment.
What for tomorrow, if possible?
If you ca n't get it done tomorrow I'll try and get you a Doctor so she.
We'll call in.
No but no but you want to see.
Its in the.
Sometimes.
services are in are n't they?
Let me see.
Just want to I just want a that will do me.
upstairs.
Do I get.
Might as well get it in town.
We're gon na be in.
Gateways in Horse Fayre.
Got Gateways, we're going to Horse Fayre.

yeah.
Not today.
Cos he'll eat them, he'll be stood there waiting for them coming out of the blooming oven!
Mum do n't feel like making mince pies, today.
I'll make you some at home got some.
mincemeat at home.
Do n't forget to get cooking apples, to put in the mincemeat.
Yeah that's cos I make the pa the pastry and you can.
What about flour and things, have you got enough flour to get.
nutmeg?
I know, but you shall have to bring it home wo n't you?
flour and then to carry home here.
Well you might as well, might n't you, and it'll save you.
carrying it.
No it's the flour and things like that we said it's.
carry it home here.
Yeah and cat food and.
No I know time you get it back here it is.
That one comes.
You get.
You get Hobnobs free with them.
because it will.
Well if it is n't with with sauce.
Shepherds pie.
That will be alright.
That bit's.
Yeah.
Yeah, but it wants to be, but that's not very big unless you.
Done more than enough.
That's not much is it?
Not that much.
No I think we'd better move.
Want the meat.

Yeah that's it.
I was gon na say.

He'd have them eaten by tea time!
Mhm mm.
Yes be rather nice.
Ha ha ha ha.
Would have found out what.
that photographer was for.
No?
Yeah.

Mm mm mm.
Yeah.
Yeah, lovely.
That it's we only need.
a little one.
Estate agents Gateway, doctors.
We're gon na have.
Gon na buy it.
Going to buy it.
Yeah well we can carry on.
He'll sort that out.
As long as we tell them we definitely want it.
Yep.
Big decisions we talked about it and and that's what he wants to do, so that's what we're gon na do.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Stick it under the grill.
to brown it off.
Yeah we wo n't be that long.
Oh we better bring some of them then!
Get some tea bags and the mince Ann.
Yeah I'll bring some.
Yep.
Do n't because she's likely to start making you something!
No you wo n't!
You're not well enough, you just sit in a chair there's some cake in the tin if he wants a bit of cake!
Not for Thursday.
Yeah.
And then we can take you up there then.
Take you up and then go straight to work then you see.
Yeah.
Yep.
Any day but Thursday.
Right?
Yeah Do n't look well does she?
Yeah I definitely think she ought to have have a check up better to have a check you and it be nothing, than just keep hanging on saying it'll go away and it does n't, it just gets worse.
Yes.
Yep.
Looks nice dunnit?
Look they're all just starting work darling.
Yep.,,.
and nice for us but on the other hand, tomorrow, it will be.
Oh shove that tomorrow!
I got twenty four hours yet dear!
Lot of cars for a Monday!
Oh plenty of room up here.
Well at least across that way anyway.
Up this end.
No, quite happy wherever They all squash the nearest one to the exit do n't they?
Where's that car belong.
Double five, double four R F four seven.
Not English.
That will do me fine darling.
Wrote to Lloyds Bank telling them, that if they try and keep.
You're usually sir, madam and esquire on the bank things.
Are you satisfied with their service?
No Stuey, it's not very exciting by the sound of it.
Yeah, could of been, yes.
I thought it was just a or something which I'd a owed stodge.
god knows why you're at.
When did you go and get that?
What's the time Stuart?
Please.
Right.
Near enough That's ooh in the oven and the steak's done If it's late I can grill it then you have it when you want it.
Minute for the sp before I get there.
Did n't sleep very well did you?
No, things going through your head innit?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I know.
What it's all gon na look like?
Will it look nice?
Yeah I know.
As if we were both tossing and turning and.
Bound to be like that.
Bound to be like, you know, a little bit.
Did you?
It's the.
Are n't you tired now?
When I did go to sleep, I went I do n't remember but it was a long while.
Got it out the way, just to warn him, there's no po point him getting all these letters about mortgages, you know they're who you are or well ca n't do that, can you?
No, there's a packet in my bag.
A whole packet, yeah.
My bag the weekend in case you were in trouble.
I'll have them on Friday, if necessary but Thursday I get you a packet down.
Yes, I know We're going to be investigating some carpet shops while you're signing on the dotted line, wo n't need me in there now will you?
Really.
Moral support well you need that other stuff first.
side.
No well I'll go with you, if you want.
And I'm hoping that they get that letter, you seeing them weekend.
And you're not working Saturday morning, instead of going to work late we can go a bit early and do a bit of shopping ourselves.
Before Monday.
Do n't know if I could do the electric one definitely Guess that's about whether the I'd like one of them, one of them and yeah but we do n't know when it can be delivered, so we ca n't do it that early you ca n't say yeah but but er we'll let you know, well we can so it's there that's what we wish, they'd the bills go and we'll let you know when you can be the keys can be available for you to put it in.
Mm, I know.
Yeah cos it's much easier than dragging all.
They've got ta send for.
I do n't wan na get carpets without you with me cos you have to live with them as well.
Yeah but they wo n't be exactly the same in shops.
Similar but not the same.
Oh and I'd rather.
I'd rather go in the shop and see it cos sometimes, especially if it's got a pattern on turn out to be better than the catalogue cos when it comes, it do n't look the same, and then the same colour do you?
Cos a reproduction's never perfect is it?
In a photograph it's never true then you go in a shop and what you see is what you get.
carpet.
for a bathroom, I mean neither were very good.
Well I do n't.
So two colours.
Yeah, I'll go and put that together those.
What?
No.
What's it say?
That was.
Well, that's all that ready just popped it in the oven.
Are you ready.
well.
Yes.
All seems to have happened in such a rush.
There's so much to think about.
No because we would n't have got that fifteen hundred pounds they had n't agreed to do us a service.
I wan na get it through.
Yes.
He must have been looking for bathroom.
Otherwise he would n't have accepted without any.
No.
Yeah.
Yeah well he said a thousand because he knew he could get he'd carpet that er er for a thousand.
That's why he mentioned that sort of figure if all you wanted was a or, a fridge, a cooker and some carpets, you could do that easy on a thousand.
Yeah.
Got ta be careful when I'm cooking, I shall have to have the window open me I've got smoke alarms all over the place darling which is good in a flat.
Mm but erm you get steam up in the cooking area and er.
Ding a ling a ling a ling a ling a ling.
You think bloody hell, what the hell's going on here!
There is a smoke alarm in the airing cupboard in case that overheats and there's one.
No.
There's supposed to be one in the airing cupboard.
Case the airing cupboard overheats, but it says on the spec one airing cupboard when it, will have, hot water tank and smoke alarm.
In case you let it hot water tank starts playing up.

Oh yeah Fire services, recommend everybody to have it.
especially in an upstairs flat.
It's a and plenty of warning to get out.
That's why he's had them put in cos the flat's more than house in in the only thing is I would say to you to let a heat from the kitchen and the.
smoke and steam they do tend to keep going.
Ha ha and everybody starts running out the door and all you're doing is frying some breakfast or something!
Burning the toast!
I'll be dissuaded buying a pussy cat altogether now wo n't I?
Once it starts that upstairs flat.
With a deadlock on the front door so he ca n't get in and out or anything.
Mm, no they wanted to be in, but you not hear it no I think pussy cat is gon na be a no no about us you'll have to.
Looks like a.
I think I would just about give up over that.
, but I mean a downstairs one would n't be quite so bad.
but those stairs wo n't like, I mean, I would n't like it that if it was just indoors forever would you, honestly?
It's not fair on an animal even.
Cats or something.
No I know and I do n't fancy litter trays and things either.
Yeah but but not while we're there, I do n't think it's must get another budgie sometime get Steven's budgie or something.
Definitely is up here, it's.
not fair on a animal as I say, he's bound to be trapped at the bloody door for hours before anybody come in and.
No.
The stair carpets.
Had n't thought of that, well that's gon na be noisy anybody coming home late at night wooden stairs.
Well fling that rug out the hall it'll be a start, bung it out on the landing for a start.
So at least there's something up there at the doors to wipe your feet on and what not, but I'm not splashing out on stair carpet until somebody else has been.
in as well.
Well there's something that will have to be will be.
needed eventually.
But you come home late at night when people are asleep.
and you lot, and stroll in after half past four an five o'clock in the morning, you know, you do.
If I do n't get up till nine, it's a bit.
It wo n't be very nice so we'll have to just manage as for as the stall light the hall lighting who is responsible for that?
Cos the staircase has got ta be lit, I mean you ca n't get.
I mean who who cares for the electricity?
It's got ta be on someone's electric has n't it?
You ca n't, one flat's not gon na be responsible for having the hall lit up all night long which it will be and then length of time, unless it's on a timer switch.
I know.
I mean with.
Steven's flat the council are responsible for lighting hallways but we th they're not.
They must be on some sort of a one of the meters or somebody's meter or somewhere.
That smells mm mm.
Mm mm!
Well that's gon na be alright I do n't understand why every time.
Give it another ten minutes, make sure the top the bacon.
Nice.
Er yes.
Yep that's fine.
I think we need to a empty the ashtray darling.
Or do we get a new car?
Yeah let's have it.
Bless me.
got a cold, you better go home.
Yeah definitely poorly mother's sick for a fortnight.
Wo n't use so much petrol from now on anyway, to get to work will we?
Oh wo n't it?
Oh, use more petrol, I see.
Mm.
Oh.
Ah sorry wo n't do it perhaps you turn li little bit there.
No cos they'll still be popping out to the an will we not?
Yeah so do I do n't wan na lose touch with them now.
Yes, that's it some odd nights we was on our way home from work, it's going up to the even when we're on earlies and and weekends we can go there ca n't we?
It's not that far there along the bypass there, it's not that far away is it?
That's what I mean, it's not.
So it's not a lot of lot of bother the only thing is that i you got ta drive in town rather than drive on country lanes to get to the main roads little bit more dangerous as far as getting caught is concerned ha!
Yep walk in the town if you're going.
if you want a good drink, does n't matter does it?
Can you get through to town there's no through road that way, other end, but could n't is there any short cuts you get into town that way?
No?
Is it?
Ah I just wondered, I mean I do n't know out that way.
That's going the wrong way dear.
Not sure of where he is mm mm.
He's forgotten something.
And come back again.
No I did n't know if you could walk if there's any short cuts if you wanted to walk into town.
I jus just wondered, not knowing the area as well as you do wondered if there was a little.
Do you end up sort of metal box end?
Well.
Yeah I know that's what I mean, if you get walking down there you'd come to all the factories I presume.
Mm mhm.
Mm.
I did n't know if there was lanes going off into town, whe or oh I do n't know.
I shall have to be looking out for a second hand bike-y just for the occasional trip into town without getting Stuey out of bed so I be a bit more independent than just bothering you all time, if I just wan na pop anywhere.
No I know my but it it'll give me a little independence as well will it not?
Yeah it's not far is it?
It's not far from Rainbow really, to do you main shopping if you in a hurry, is it?
Yeah not far.
The other way, no.
Yeah yeah that's what I mean it we're nearer to the both of them really.
Always fascinates me that, a little person driving a big car.
It looks very odd, yes, when the heads hardly go above the the seat, you do n't have is it a kid driving or a an adult or is anybody driving!
Or is it just trundling off on its own!
Bye bye.
Thank you.
Bye.
Have you?
Who says?
Might do when we win the pools oh you're alright tomorrow.
Yeah.
That's right.
I've only got the one!
Do n't wan na go to work yet, do you?
Ca n't go up the King's Head, it's shut.
I think so.
it got darker what it used to.
Why?
I know, but you do n't wan na do that, you do n't know what it, what silly innit?
Oy!
Oy! nice.
I just want a clean staircase,!
No we're not.
Right we've made a decision I know we can but er.
It's a.
It's an hour.
Yeah, cos half an hour's.
not really long you get talking to somebody and.
you've.
Yeah.
Half hour can soon be gone.
No why that's why they come round.
No.
Well they're just doing their job otherwise people would park anywhere, all the time Oh dear!
Take me home!
I'm having a sudden attack attack of I do n't know what but.
ah, what's that mean?
That sounds wonderful, yeah look good on a signal.
What's that?
Morbid.
Yeah, oh yeah I've definitely got attack of that.
Yeah, definitely Idolitus more like it!
I do n't know!
I could quite easily become.
Yep.
Wherever you think is suitable.
Not here.
Well park somewhere else then!
That's it.
Or draw a villa so we can have.
another explore.
Mm be very very nice get more of an idea there erm than the whole of the shape of the kitchen and the shape of the bathroom and.
Yeah as right as I'm gon na be I suppose.
Do n't forget your biccies else you'll have no tea lie down.
Here That's your little lot What they for?
Oh Ted's having a bit of help.
Ha Not in the full work where else would they rather be?
Got John today anyway.
Yep Morning yep Wonder how his romance is going or not going.
Stuart!
Ha that darling, was not called for!
Tha oh you were walking is it?
Oh so Ann's awful idea she's still having him on he's such a great giggle.
Getting him all hot.
and bothered.
Just thinks it's a great giggle pretty cruel really I hardly ever do it.
Ca n't really be forced.
I hope they do n't want.
Bit of a smelly job up there I would have thought.
Yeah.
I'll have his, he'll only lose it.
Yep.
Thank you What shall I do?
Yep, lovely thank you.
Maybe he did n't get the job, we got a new supervisor coming.
Hello.
Yeah lovely.
No, no one told me getting the push, just said we were getting a new one so I mean that must have meant that we that he had n't Commiserations, but never mind.
you went right away did n't you.
That's it.
Mm.
Are we getting a lady or a man, do we know yet?
You might have something to do with it.
Why, what's the matter?
Every day.

cos.
Yeah.
Dear!
Last week she kept up to it all, I mean she done the lot and it was all weighed up and finished a before we went home, all done.
Mm.

I've got them.
off Marion.
I ai n't checked them, I've been on holiday I've only come back today that's been drawn has it?
Did she?
Oh I wonder where my tickets are now.
I think they're in here.
I won I've been on holiday mate so I ai n't Stuart's got some and I've got some L seven seven one to seven seven five.
and L seven seven eight six to eighty on the blue.
Yep I got that.
That's mine.
Ohhh!
I like.
Yep.
It would be that would n't it, bottle of bacardi for Ann would it.
And then I've eight two one to eight two five and.
Yep, I get that one at tea time.
Eight se eight.
eight two one to eight two five eight.
I got white on.
Yeah.
That's ni I like th I like the snowball, so I'm alright.
Oh we're set up for Christmas now!
Ooh lovely.
Two prizes.
That's smashing.
That's lovely.
Whoops!
Eight hundred and twenty one to eight hundred and twenty five.
That's it.
No no, twenties.
No.
That's if, if you've got two.
that's lovely, one off each strip, one for you and one for me, have to go and claim them at tea time.
Lovely!
Smashing!
Bottle of whisky and a snowball.
He's quite happy to win the bottle of.
yeah he's quite happy with the whisky, yeah.
Favourite tipple, it is.
Quite happy.
Do n't know what the time is, I did n't even look when I clocked in.
Anybody.
know the time?
Oh, I'm not in hurry.
Yeah oh lovely Smashing!
Oh.
Getting quite good on these raffles, dear.
Ha, ha ha.
You think when I'm no obviously not.
Hello.
Lovely thank you did n't wan na come back!
How's Shirley?
Yeah smashing thank you and you, alright?
Still got a cold?
Might show her that.
Yeah.
But how how poorly is is Wiggy?
Is he will he give us a hand?
Is he alright to.
Just we got we're on the move.
and we need s we need Stuart gets a van he'll need someone to help him lift the washing machine and so on like.
and help him do that.
No I mean we would n't ask him if he's not well.
He hired a van, how much it was.
See if we can borrow one from somewhere.
No.
They wanted.
too much money.
They wanted too much money.
just bought one there.
So.
Or somebody, you know give them.
twenty quid or something, if they'll me theirs or.
Cos I'll be having a new three piece.
so I sha n't take that and.
carpets we're.
having new and.
I mean another thing.
They wanted too much money for it, I mean we paid three thousand in rent and that was supposed to come off it, he still wanted.
the same a as what Ann had for theirs I mean we've had it for a year and paid all that rent.
So we decided it were n't a good enough buy re he.
would n't knock he would n't come down at all and then the everywhere else were knock some off if the market's not very good at the moment.
So we've got quite a bit off this one.
so so we went u.
Yeah, it is it's near enough to town but out of it.
Out the way.
We been li that's what we've doing, house hunting.
Yesterday we made our mind up to have that one and we've set a sign some papers so.
it's all going ahead they want us in as soon as possible that's how we got such a good.
thing but my.
rent's up the sixteenth of December and there's.
no point in paying another months rent.
Yeah we're going to stay with his mums's for a few days sh sh.
she's quite happy.
I mean that'll go towards solicitors fees.
I mean I would n't ask him if he is n't very well.
I say I do n't think I can a manage to l help Stuart lift the washing machine.
and the big wardrobe it's.
Yeah.
So we've got an idea of how much.
it's gon na cost us to move.
Well I'll be moving to mums ' for start anyway, put them in her garage, unless we get the keys ever so quick.
If they're gon na put it through as quick as they can for us, cos they want us.
We've got this bargain through.
cos we agreed to do it quick, we've got a.
bargain, you see.
Near where you are and where where I am.
Yep alright darling.
Yeah.,.
just was n't a good enough.
buy.
I thought that when.
to bargain and now I suppose I ca n't sell anything.
that's the price really.

wanted se six thirty six with a ours is only thirty five.
That's what we offered.
With the three thousand we've.
paid, but he wo n't.
have it!
He would n't so we said no.
Not when there's so many bargains about.
Ai n't got no to do Jean?
Well you been doing with Ann have you?

Ooh I know what I've got to do.
Go and collect my prizes What did I do with the bloody tickets now?
I lost them Oh I'll get them in a minute.
Yeah I know, but they got a queue, I'll wait till later when they're not so busy.
I'd have, I've got some good prizes just lately get two in that, that's bloody lucky!
Stuart was very happy he's gon na get a bottle of whisky it could n't of been a bottle of bacardi for me could it!
He said that'd be my winning ticket, I said, you have n't paid for them so how can it be!
I do n't know what the snowball is.
Pardon?
The prizes, no I'll wait till.
till the queues off.
The tea, yeah.
All the same.
No I'm not.
I have n't been up here many minutes quarter to twenty to five now.
How you doing, alright?
then.
Gone now must drive up.
No I better not.
No not even one.
I was no I'm not having one just seeing them.
No.
Who's the third one?
That's what I thought.
No it is n't him.
It looks like,.
Nobody minds paying Oy ey!
Cos he thinks he might win.
One's Jilly's husband is n't it?
Jilly's husband, she's got one for herself and one for her husband.
No and she get one in.
Doubt if be in there, cos he knows we're not I do n't know what the snowball is, it might be a plastic snowball!
If it is, I'll just get some and give one each the kids I think we've got enough sweeties.
they've had all and oh lunch he'll manage dinner ca n't swap them about Are you alright then?
Done any they're all, as soon as you walk in, it's yours innit?
Cos you ask her, or did you just start doing it?
Every time you're in there you'll be doing that and next minute you're on so next fortnight.
You're on the divisors, strimmers and and we're on cutting our lot.
You're on strimmers and skimmers.
Well.
Why?
Is somebody off?
Both of them?
Oh you will be then that's what I say to Kev bloody well ask!
Do n't struggle.
Mark.
Rolfy.
Bet she made you struggle last week, during the week so as they wan na ask for somebody.
The queues gone shall I go and get our prizes?
Give us fag.
They're locked in here, so she's gon na get them for me in a minute no worry Is a drink snowball, she thinks It might not be.
She's lot a trouble.
It's is a drink snowball, might as well put snowball do n't mind do you?
Will that do you,.
You'll settle for that I bet it wo n't last long!
I'll wrap it up for your Christmas present.
got something.
This snowball is Bacardi.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Ha ha I paid for the tickets I'm gon na drink it.
I'll drink it yeah you can have a snowball!

Yeah I like snowball, I do n't mind that that'll do for my Christmas drink Is that half or a?
Might buy one.
wo n't go.
but he seems nice not bad is it?
No problem.
It's not that I need them.
no not I do n't think.
Lime.
Lemonade as well, lemonade.
Yeah I might want that one you have.
other ones.
Ay?
Is that proof?
Not much is it?
Ay?
Is it?
Oh steady, I'll have to go easy then!
Ah I do n't mind Christmas pass them on.
Probably under the circumstances, probably better if she does!
No well Sheila's got her a bottle of gin.
I bet that, that'll her Christmas actually.
And the microwave she's got her cat book, a bottle of gin and a just buy her something else to go with it, out of that twenty five, spend the rest on mum that's what I was thinking.
She's she's got a cat book.
I would n't do that gave vouchers looks as though you ca n't be bothered she knows I'm getting that voucher of that I'll probably go and see something.
Well I'd rather I'd rather buy something and I no point buying her jumpers, I think she's got jumpers ha so.
Mum wants a pair of trousers for going out with, you know well she's got plenty but like I say it's but then you get I'll no it's not very personal to give somebody a voucher though is it?
I mean it's not as though you made a lot of effort, it wo n't take us long to nip over can always have look around that furniture place and our carpets I know that's one of these cos I got that.
I dunno dear cos I do n't think I've got any money.
I do n't think I got any money.
I ai n't got a lot, that's for certain In there I have got I had enough for tea break.
you got enough I've got enough for yeah?
Do n't know.
Say I did n't right.
Oh we'll have a pound each then.
There's a lot of bottles in that one prefer the Christmas one they're the most bottles, I won a bottle of sherry I did n't thing last year everybody wine.
We should have left it there could of been more than this one.
I dunno, how many pints of bloody wine!
Yeah something like that, in a cardboard box with a tap on.

Fourteen ninety nine Out of that it's all bottles ey or most of them bottles.
Won it in the raffle gon na have a drop in our tea, warm us up!
John come to me and he said is that your number?
You've won a bottle of whisky, Stuart said thank you.
Oy!
That's my ticket, not yours why are you saying thank you!
I said to him I'll wrap it up and give you it for your Christmas present!
I paid for it did n't I, a pound in a draw.
Christmas present, a pound.
Ha ha Oh!
Want to it.
Not that bad, that's it.
First he's never seen, surprises he's always.
especially on paper he.
always such going on.
I'm not keen.
Ooh!
Ooh!
That's close!
Here Only me about me getting drunk, as if I would dear!
Anytime But I remember bloody you coming in on a Sunday morning sometimes you, bloody can hardly the bed!
What a bloody night was Stuart.
Thought you might know a and all, in about five minutes!
But yeah, he told them!
Yes you did.
You did.
No I never swore everybody to secrecy but they all know it you cos you told them!
As you always still continue to tell them yes you do.
Yeah, we do n't row, luckily, ha ha.
What?
We ai n't got a, just a mad man!
He wo n't last for a ten now done the, done the Welcome Break, they done the Char Grill, now they're on the Tescos.
We got a thousand more do a Sainsburys and that's it.
That wo n't last till ten I'd rather go and rack.
Oh it's by the the van Teresa.
and John a bloody at Tescos.
Why are they doing it, if it's not to do?
Did you get?
Why are they doing all that and there's nothing to do?
Well, you'll have nine bulbs and lights out got a thousand to do Ann's had.
Ann's had, Merv, John Teresa, Paul and Vi's all trussing done the rest the of my trussing, I've done the Char Grill, I've done Welcome Break, now they're on the Tesco.
I've only got a thousand Sainsburys to do and we'll be all done by.
or not long after so why have they been doing that if there's nothing much to do?
Why is John, and Ann and Paul and Teresa and all them been on that trussing line, and Merv.
Oh yeah, but I wonder if we're gon na all finished by nine o'clock and you'll have us all in your ha ha ha.
Well we would, but we'll live.
Not much else to do.
Well, with all the trussing the might carry on trussing and get that done.
I do n't know mate, o I only know that that's take us Ann and Paul and Ann and John and all them all doing all the others so.
Is there enough in that cup?
See you at my mums.
Yeah see you at the car.
Well we certainly wo n't last till ten, not.
So we got a thousand letters to do that's all, well it might be over I do n't know they're but.
Do they?
Yeah.
Ooh!
They've all finished early, they've unless they came in late with the order or something, extras or something.
Mm, cos somebody had n't up wrong then Where is she?
No that's what I say if calculated wrong.
Mm.
Yeah, little bit over.
Yeah and that's.
I've go I've been in work some of these.
Yeah and we're supposed to do all of them.
you see put John, one of us start trussing early but we did n't need one Ann's got another team in the other room doing it.
I'll I'll be finished before long.
Well, about another hour.
Yeah.
they did n't do them!
Actually they perhaps let us go back on them then.
tomorrow.
You mean go back on them, cos we did n't finish them cos there was three pallets and we did n't even do two.
We did n't finish them cos they wanted to start trussing early.
and then Ann started that little line trussing you see, so we've done it between us but I've got a thousand to do and she's got about four d t.
I bet you feel like a now, give them in when they ca n't truss them dunno.
We give them in when they came trussed with the though we had before.
Well, with the two lines going yeah would have been about right then but see, John I do n't suppose he realised Ann was gon na fetch all the people out of here there and everywhere and start that up.
Well I pa.
No.
no so she started trussing, helping me.
I suppose that's what John thought, we might not get them done, start early and get them finished.
He just said leave the Bird's Eye pies and start your trussing.
Yeah.
and T D C when we come in, I mean they had n't checked any goujons, they had n't checked any of the fillets.
There was two baskets of bones.
Jeanie and Hilary are doing that.
Yeah tha yeah and I mean yeah We'll definitely be finished in about an hour.
Wo n't be till ten anyway.
If we get in trainee.
Never mind you got as far as you could, so at least you got that far Deirdre.
Yeah.
Yeah it's just nice to know if there is something wrong.
is n't there?
Any.
time er, put it right.
Yeah.
Er yeah.
yeah you can.
yeah that's it.
You know what he's like.
that sort of person.
Who's that behind?
Peter, David, did n't they and.
Over Cook's side, he only lasted about three more weeks, I mean.
Glenys has been doing it ever since, han.
Ian only last about three or four weeks, he was gone.
Yep.
He would n't d, he did n't wan na do it, did he?
He said he wanted office.
You know, I remember him.
coming in cos John.
said well you do what you did with him and show showing him how to do.
all the jobs, he said I do n't want to learn them I've come to supervise, he said I do n't wan na get mucky!
I could n't believe my ears!
I said Oh!
So why John said would I show you how to truss nice, I do n't wish to learn thank you!
Yeah he said I.
He said he'd come to supervise, not to do it!
I've no no wish to learn it thank you.
I said, well fair enough, I'll go to do something else!
See John when he we as soon as John arrived he said to me will you take me he said, I do n't wan na learn it proficiently but I want to know every job so I then took.
up and down every line.
and i and when this Peter come he said well you know, just show him everything and like you did me and he said he did n't wan na know thank you.
Yeah he said.
he said I come to sup be supervisor he said, I do n't know, I do n't wish to learn all that!
Well can you supervise if you do n't know what the hell's going on!
That's what John said, he wanted lo.
so he good, a rough idea.
Mm.
Yeah.
Well that's certainly my feeling I'm naturally disappointed but it I say, you did well and i er.
No point is there?
That's it.
That's it.
No I'm listening to them, I'm doing a project.
I'm taping all your conversations anyway.
not in the factory I did n't li, I could of asked Tom.
Everywhere I go.
It's all anonymous, you're not e e e nobody know who it is, it's for it's for a dictionary and they want new words that are commonly used and they do n't want and all old words that never get used it'll be dropped in the next edition of the dictionary.
No it's er I'm taping all my conversations I have with everybody for a week.
Oh yeah you you have to erase it but nobody's gon na sa, I mean to say, nobody knows who you are, what you've said anyway at all, do they?
What?
I do n't write anything, I send the tape in, they do n't know who you are you're just a it's just a voice speaking nobody knows who you are or anything, they only know me nobody else.
Why?
Who's who's gon na know when they lis to compile a dictionary and what words you use who's gon na know who you are?
That's all well if you want it erased, I will I mean it's up to you entirely.
but.
Ay, I I've I've said that to them I said well you might have, if I take to work you'll certainly hear some they said tha well if that's common usage words that's what it has to be and words that we never use at all that are in dictionaries and nobody ever uses them, they want to know common ordinary speech words that we use.
Ey I told them, I said you might hear some right a I was in the pub Saturday night, mind I did tell afterwards and he's ever such a nice bl fella he comes over door.
so he's killing himself laughing I I've got to tell you Ron, I've been taping he said I do n't give a monkeys you tape what, he said let them all hear, they'll all be able to pass it round!
Are you ready?
I said I got a good joke for you here, started to laugh and he said I ai n't said it yet!
Well I did n't tell him it he can wind it just erase it I mean I do n't I said I'm alright love just to do all that, I've got twenty tapes!
Someone asked me whether, I thought it'd be a bit of fun But as I say nobody knows who you are, or what you've said or anything so it does n't matter does it?
It's the words they're interested in, not what you actually say and the.
words that yo people are using I've got now, so I do n't even think of it, it's just there and I just talk normal that's the idea really and if anybody asks you what you're doing, then you tell them and it and you say, if you do n't wish to be on it, well.
wipe it off but nobody knows who you are anyway so what difference does it make?
Unless it got personal, I'd turn it off, I mean I mean when we went the estate agents and solicitors.
sort of sit there putting what the solicitor said in your.
turn them off.
Or if anybody told me, I mean I would n't and talking in confidence about their private life or.
just turn them off, and that's it Just normal conversations the words that people use in common different areas of the country, with accents and th dialect and one thing and another it's for the Oxford English Dictionary the next edition.
We've got to take that specification thing with us this morning, it will might help.
Seven foot six by seven kitchen, plus units so you would get two metres it's not very much at all.
I know it was fourteen by nine foot something, I'm up to nine, ten which is exactly which she said.
They'd rather do that than having to piece twelve quarter then you've got to have join the bit then all the pattern that will be matching exactly er you'll use more.
to cover er a metre.
you have to cos they ca n't do nothing with the bits, they give you all the bits.
Well yeah you do, you ca n't end up quite a lot of it.
suppose they have to match the pattern otherwise it does look quite silly which is what they've done in here, they have n't matched the patterns that wall there is it, it ai n't joined.
walk in, here, this is the end of the where they all went too and that piece is a piece cut off and it's not, it's gripped together underneath.
but it just knocked the cotton sticks out, just put the piece down, there's no way I'm gon na do this, so it does n't matter does it?
That's definitely, this is the raw bit and that's a bit of the end of the cut-off, probably have the landing or something can use the rest of it through.
Bedroom has got a, it's in an alcove so you'll have that piece where it's bottom of the stairs or wherever, I mean, the, stand on slip mats you're gon na get that because of the, the airing cupboard is part of the hall, part of the bedroom and nothing you can do about that one, and on the wall it's just gon na be one length of each room, cut off, perfect,, actually they do n't normally do that, they usually just the measurement, cos I not, never understood why they do n't have measurements there all standard, you guarantee use the one strip of another roll.
The new houses are pretty standard why do n't they convert them, you know, you guarantee if you use six rolls of wa wallpaper you'll need one to seven, something silly like that.
Need to buy, you have done.
To do underneath the window or on top of the door or some silly thing like that.
Certainly when we get settled in after Christmas that should be and I'll shall say about six rolls but I'll shall say six rolls and just the every time I get one roll of wallpaper up and you you'll think oh I'll do the rest tomorrow just a bit more, then you get one more looks alright there, the other wall and er, I'm sat, I've been up all night doing this shall do one more then I'll go a bed, I get from the wife bloody hell mother what time did you go to bed, about an hour ago, could n't leave it wallpaper.
Never attempted?
Same with me paster.
Yeah paster.
I'm not an expert, non professional but I, it goes up.
You start.
You start at the right hand side of the window.
That a way.
You do n't start.
Is there any joint and seems light, if the light were on the light catches them and you can see all the.
No it's not sit and watch somebody else do it it wo n't hurt her.
Just the actual joy of starting and, and seeing it transformed while.
you're doing it and all imagine that, somebody else, I did n't, it will be that's not quite straight or erm or.
, no I wo n't be doing that folks there, that's it the.
Do n't treat me like a naughty schoolgirl.
Ooh,.
I might like having me botty smacked.
What they putting in there next?

certainly do n't think where we going is suitable for a puddy tat, hours and hours on end and not being allowed to go outside and even when we're there, I say, we ca n't be running up and down them bloody staircases letting cats out, I could n't, I could n't bear the thought of it never going out.
Yeah, they like to roam about and explore and and, and er, I'm not sure I wan na cope with litter trays for ever, would you?
No.
Yeah.
I mean when it's warm though, litter stuck in the erm, erm it maybe greeting you and.
Oh yeah?
unpleasant.
remember ours, it would not be flat smells of cat but not only that if it weed on me carpet as much as I love it I might get a.
, er I think it would be get your cat out of here.
Exactly, my cat, it mine when it was good and yours when it was being horrible.
Cover it up, yes, pull all the threads.
, I'm very I like, if they have n't got a scratching board, scratch what's in the.
no I do n't think we'll have a pussy cat for the foreseeable future, not shut up, I say it's different if they can go out, sharpen their claws on a bit of bark or, unless I end up with a goldfish.
What's for lunch dear, well, ready.
Yeah oh I'd have to call it James.
,, dream occasionally innit strange?, help is one goldfish is male or female, how's one know whether to call it James or Jessica or I have n't the faintest idea how you sex a fish.
Oh, one of the mysteries of life, how do you sex a goldfish?
Pretty trees.
Yeah, that's why a, that's all it is you see,, there's no mention of any advice you or whatever, she said she, just do n't see any point of anybody else buying cheaper, somebody hit the the thing in the middle of the island there, smashed all the glass one of these things there's all got smashed,.
Are they?
Oh mm.
Yeah, no such a, I mean you.
what was the point of that now we've got one?
That's it.
Yes, that's it, that's a new one, or a relatively new one.
Yep.
I mean they might not be from this, so.
I do n't know, no.
That's it that's.
Oh well.

yeah coming to the empty that was.
David.
Yes, same type of thing as mm, mm.
, I do n't think he could, that's three hundred and ninety nine oh.
Nice is n't it? very good, it's quite nice is n't it?
I'm more than happy with something like that.
It's that.
a microwave.
We've got nine hundred pounds approximately, after the cooker and the fridge.
Five hundred pound for carpets, leaves four hundred pound, two hundred pound for suite and the microwave.
Yep.
Yes.
Yeah.
That was eleven hundred pounds.
approximately, you've got four hundred pound really to play with, approximately four hundred pound left over, say five hundred pound, six hundred for electrical goods.
Pardon?
Yep.
About six hundred.
Six hundred for them two and five hundred for carpets.
Eleven, you've got four hundred pound, you got so it's a good second hand one or a cheapy no, well it would be a cheapy I told him most of them around about seven hundred and ninety nine.
A reasonable one, I mean you can go up to two thousand for a good one, but a reasonable one you would n't get nowadays under seven hundred and ninety nine.
Oh yeah, definitely I think.
rather than go second,.
got.
yeah, yeah, but.
Two or three years on the others.
I do n't like, just, I could n't be like Deirdre and, put me overall on and in go in without collecting me thoughts getting myself together Deirdre never arrives till about three minutes before she gets in the door, she's putting her overall on saying come on ladies, its time were, but she's putting her overall and on, and they all sit there looking at her and so.
they all sit there looking at her and saying bloody hell she ai n't got her own hat on, we've been here quarter of an hour and she walks in the door, takes her coat off and says come on ladies you're suppose to be off your hind by two o'clock, leaving here at two.
I know she's right, but she should, set an example in some ways, mm people are so used to her now they just look at her and carry on talking silly old bugger, you know,, shut up Deirdre I'm do n't want to do that, should n't be, cos there was n't much to put on, although they left, left quite a bit off yesterday, they cut short, there was five hundred breast portion short and two hundred oyster eggs, so Deirdre informed me but they injected six hundred too many and four hundred eggs to Tescos all quite ridiculous.
Pardon?
I know but it's just, waste of time in it? they'd been better spent to finish the order that they did have, and inject that, ha oh be fair to do that to use though, no doubt they will, pick out all the things we did n't do right bloody should done too many of this or not enough of that.
difference was n't worth putting that down.
Mm, it would bounce up and down like a yo-yo.
Lovely, thank you darling, oh we did n't get much further on there, what we started with this morning, no so.
Erm, I've left my bags at mums.

Oh wow.
Seems like.
Thank you darling.
Women on there have to come off.
There's four days on now.
We'll have the Wednesday off when you cross.
be the same,.
the Wednesday then.
Thanks dear,.
Right, thank you very much John.
order my.
Hello what the, have to oh yes.
Yeah, must be used to the must do it sometime.
were moving and one thing and another, there's so much to do.
That's the trouble when your at work and you got all.
You got ta be at work.
he's got, he said he'd be better at ten o'clock.
Yes.

Yeah right as I'm gon na be for the time.
Yes,.
Yeah, we got five minutes.


Have you not been well Jo?
Oh.
Yeah, I'm going in as well darling.
Ta, see you later on.
Yeah, usual time.

Hello.
I'm cheesed off.
go back and go back and take when you go back.
Yes.
yes, join you all.
I hope.
This is strong.
That's the way I feel, am I not allowed?
I'm on the P D C and it's it's going and the phones six baskets about twenty baskets to be checked minutes.

It only, pushing out the lasts, line, just emptied the line and he walked in.

They did n't do any, they did one thou oh two thousand pounds each and one thousand of that was sovereign.
They just use to rest of it, yesterday, did n't I, last night.
See, I do n't bother.
many people.
Well we could n't so I do n't know.
it was a big pub, oh yes.
I dunno what's up I just, that closing date's tomorrow innit?
last week when we were on holiday.
Yeah well she's got to start tomorrow try.
No, I've never heard that before, put your name down for your Christmas lunch.
Mm.

have it tea time Oh, we, probably have it about five o'clock everybody, and Lyn and Michael come in early and have theirs as well.
Think later, be about five o'clock or quarter to five, or something like that depends when it's on, have to come in early if they want to have it with us.
Of course got to cook so, depending on it will be about five o'clock so that they can get washed up.
Probably.
I cook for Stuart and I do n't eat it.
I do n't, I cook for Stuart, but I do n't eat it.
So I mean, I still cook for Stuart, he still eats, even though I do n't have it,.
What they doing another sponsored slim are they?
I wished I'd of done when I lost all my weight.
when I lost my six and a half stone.
What are they doing, having another one, what Wisbech or the one at.
They've got one at cos I mean I went and had one so there must be one, another one.
unless it for, it must be for Wisbech.
It might be for Wisbech one, they've gone to, cos erm, I mean they've got two at Lynn, so it must be Wisbech.
I probably come on with, on, on, on you with it after Christmas as well cos I'll probably put some back on.
over Christmas.
Why I've been, it will be ten months that's all Rita, ten month it took me to lose six stone, you do n't want to lose that much do you?
You're going on a sponsored slim.
after Christmas, er and Val and me.
Trade you in for a couple of camels, he'd come home with a couple of camels.
I.
Mm, you watched.
why what you speak to me, what were you saying?
Well.
for.
You should of said well alright, I'll take them away then took them right away then,.
Just let her do it.
Well I do n't feel.
Fair enough, I think I work.
,.
You, getting all put some back in, I need some by six o'clock, I said comes at six thirty, you ca n't have it we're bloody cooking, any way I though you done John's said his got because come on.
John's told me to tell you to go and get it, right I said I said Richard coming, for four hundred pound I you're not coming for it so that's it oh you think it was pub machine or.
well if it is n't, well what can you do?
I ca n't make the machine go any bloody quicker, well I can, but I so what's the point in that come and have a look at it and then they said come back and do it when you on the skin, you know the skin bring it forward well it do n't go back, it just gets all tangled.
He come in Saturday, not that he, we've heard all that before, said that you can get give it a good wash and squeeze it back, that I ca n't put one on now, give me a ring when you're done.
, so we've been doing a few need a good wash.
nothing to do with, he stood there, he said, it's not working, and he paid the bloody bill I put them on right.
Same old story getting it underneath cos they're going higher up and underneath.
last week, we ought to go.
Did n't tell us about that one did you?
Oh we're being.
We'll be at mum's anyway, so.
Pardon?
You've been to see him have n't you?
How is he?
Be alright?
Mm, mm.
, not too bad.
At least you keep in touch, some of them get shoved away and they never, nobody do n't bother with them do they?
Go and get nine tickets, or I start right up all the bloody year round for that.
Yeah, we pay all the year round for that do n't we and that's all we bloody get out of it.
When my Helen comes, she's got ta pay.
Why it is, it's very, very, very wrong, say we pay all year round for that, I've paid for a year for my ticket.
Nobody asked for my clock number when mine and Stuart's, just gave me me ticket.
Nobody put, nobody asked for mine or Stuart's it's just.
Evening he's earned a pint of beer I think tonight.
What?
Anyone would think we were what?
Yeah.
This time in three weeks it will all be over, we'll all be sat there thinking well was it bloody worth it, all that hard work money and rushing about, is it worth it?
Well I like Christmas, but it's just getting one mad money, money, money innit?
More than it's ever been.
, what can you buy little Dean nothing, can you?
It gets worse every year, but this year seems worse than ever.
We've got company for Christmas, are you on your own this year?
Never mind.
You will see that, that the.
yeah.
Ooh.
Ooh.
We're going away this year, I'm not, he said that wo n't be strange not cooking Christmas dinner.
The first time in twenty five years, we've cooked Christmas for a blooming great load of people.
It will be nice in a way, but, be strange.
not.
Well I shall still be sitting down bloated out no doubt, but er, it's just not doing it, actually doing it.
Up at.
up at dawn to get the turkey in.
Mm.
We're going to mum's and having all her company are n't we?
No, we're going to his mum's.
I've got all his family some of them I've never met.
Yeah, that will be a nice change.
Yeah, it should I go.
I go every Sunday though.
I do n't mind, if you leave me in the kitchen I'd be quite happy, I'd do it all.
Quite happy for you to stay out the way while I do it.
All go to the pub and I stop there.
Yes, as long as you'd left me to.
So he is.
he's like that are n't you dear, always has to come and have a stir and there's licks in the, look in the pan.
Mm, mm.
Yeah, you at the pub.
Well, we've got to go down.
there would n't, you would of.
, would n't she?
If you do n't go I'm not going.
Christmas gone go and see Helen otherwise I would be.
mm, mm, I do n't want a bit of.
Oh apparently you go dad's Christmas Eve.

well she does n't know about him, an invitation, but.
she said you will still wo n't you, you ca n't do much if you just turn up, I do n't know though, their Christmas all freezing and bruises and.
it's entirely up to you, but apparently what you want to do, make it an evening then?
Oh.
An hour you know what me mum is she's got to have a little.
yes.
dad, dad did n't say nothing about all evening just pop in for an hour, but I could n't see Stuey and me sitting there disturb him, scared.
Christmas Eve.
, it's only an hour he might an hour but after that he'll be thinking bloody hell the pubs will be open.
would n't you?
you would, huh, you'd be looking at the clock, I know you well enough for that now dear.
denied.
It's entirely up to you, if you wish to go on your own, I would not resume, yeah, presents on him without an invitation.
Mum's.
Comments I had earlier on in our relationship had n't, he did n't seem very keen did he?
Thought you were a bloody idiot.
must be mad.
Do n't I get old enough and did me best perhaps he might change his mind.
a blue suit on or something and.
yeah, something really, no do n't go overboard.

Somebody's been very busy.
looks nice does n't it?
I like to see them all up but does n't it look bare when you take them down.
Mm, we've not got any option, we're moving anyway apart from that there's erm, we're not gon na be there so it does n't seem much point really does it?
Yeah.
Yes, needs doing.
Mm.
Mm.
It's childish.
That's a good word to go out is n't it, without your purse, yeah.
Well we wo n't bother then.
oh.
Yep, gon na need it.
Need to sort a gentleman out about a van, you asked anybody?
Oh, here we.
I think mum's.
need drawers as well, dr drawers out of a chest of drawers make.
do that, get quite a bit in a drawer if you.
, good boxes cos they're solid you see.
sign of woollies and things like that can go in there.
woollies and other thinkable clothes.
Wo n't take me long once I get going its just the getting going bit busy day tomorrow have n't we?
Once you know you've got your mortgage then its contract signing and, then we go.
Saturday morning with got to level it.
I think that's the best bet, but I'd rather, no I think I'd rather have a or.
Time I got approximately though on or off for all.
I say I'd like a.
and that's all we want.
coffee table and.
next of tables like yes, and we will want somewhere to put them,.
suites and carpets.

But, you did n't put it on.
I do n't know, it's temporary job, I know someone that might be interested, I think I know what it is but, but I just thought I luckily we wo n't mention it again.
So I.
Gon na have a shock if she got it.
team, out then.
, by Donald and.
He.
See what.
Yeah, but yesterday.
There's so much to do,.
only done two thousand pounds of bloody and one of them was, just got finished.
Really and that was.
ai n't got many.
That's what I'm working on.
Mm.
cut them down, yes, they'll have to cut more not many drums in the.
That's why you suffer with constipation love, because you do n't eat no vegetables, you would n't need, laxatives, if you eat veg.
Yeah there was n't any when I was.
finished.
I must n't be.
What did they.
Jeanie moaning, Lily weeing, she's got a water infection so she's been about to the loo about five thousand times.
Lisa's friend burst into tears in.
she's got problems she's split up with her boyfriend,.
She's also got a little debt behind.
Tony has n't been paying the bills.
she's been contributing that's one reason one, she's, discovered other things, this morning somebody turned up apparently they took a loan out.
apparently turned up this morning and they want a hundred pound by tomorrow, and they're coming back tomorrow for it paying him ten pound a week and thought it was gone and he had er none so find a hundred pound by tomorrow and she did n't know where she was going to get it from, she just stood there and burst into tears and run off going on.
but she saw him on the way to work in town, had a bloody great barney with him on the market place on the way to work, just say, she was in there about ten minutes and burst into tears.
dear,, we do, we do tons and tons of it every day.
You would n't if you, you would n't if you had to deal with it all day long.
It's very expensive.
Ever so expensive.
Its two pound thirty five for six bits.
or er, half a pound er.
About six, seven pieces.
Two pound thirty five, half pound.
Yeah there's a lot goes in apart from the chicken there's a heck of lot goes in it in the.
Put cream and the expensive bits, not like the chicken and the time it takes.
So does Stuey and so does Bob, do n't you Bob?
It's tandoori that he likes.
I do n't like any of them and then when you've seen them all day long it puts you off a bit do n't like none of the.
Ca n't get hold of them.
Used to get them a lot, but we have n't seen any for ages.
Hello my darling.
Yep.
Yep and what's the plan of attack today?
I'll go and tell the estate agent you'll be a little bit late.
You go to the solicitor and then I'll see you on the wa, on that part of the shop.
Yeah, on the appointment you could get from the solicitor was.
Get those soon as poss, and I'll go and look in the carpet shop.
find out a few details and I'll meet you back at the estate agents.
or if you're out early, well forms sign, so you might be a little while and if you've got, oh we're going to mum's then are n't we?
Said it's still very early, we could pop to Leveringham, oh we do n't know where it is we might have some details in this, what we got ta do with my money.
I should n't think until you at least gone to the mortgage he's gon na give us authorization to spend his money.
I'm not gon na use authori to go and spend one thousand, five hundred pounds and it all falls through.
after we've spent it.
And what we having for lunch?
Taking fish to mum's or find something when we get there?
No.
If we're gon na be late, we'll have to buy the fish, cos we wo n't have time to cook anything.
Yeah, yes I'll just have a piece of fish and you can have fish and chips, we wo n't have time to cook anything will we?
Depending on the time.
Depending on how long we're gon na have to cook it, well I mean,, oh well what I can still you'll have to fish and chips.
still you perhaps have to buy fish and chips.
cos Ann has n't got a lot of pennies anyway.
has n't he?
Oh bloody hell, we're poor streaks then dear.
Bloody hell, then, it's chicken.
It can go in microwave.
Go in the microwave that's all, I ai n't got much money at all, I did n't have that much left, I bought mum's cigs and that bit of shopping the other day and that was the end of that we will survive.
Even if we only have a tin of soup, that will do me.
Yeah but you ca n't get it till tomorrow there is a little bit in the bank, but not a lot, go wait till tomorrow and we must get to Chester Hill today.
I like that, I do n't like Jason Donovan but I quite like that, do you?
I do n't like him, I never have but I, try not, quite pleasant is n't it?
I've never liked anything else he's had, particularly have you?
But I just find that pleasant listening.
Pleasant and nice songs I suppose I do n't know it's just, quite like it, it's now big, it's about the most thing he's ever recorded that I have liked,.
I've absolutely never been a Jason Donovan fan before Christmas number one's going to be Bohemian Rhapsody which I do like you know.
yes, it's already going to the top of the charts to be number one for Christmas all the other Christmas songs are.
yep.
that will do.
Well, I understand its reasoning, but, I think if you've been very hard pushed list, with this money, do n't you?
Considering I'm not supposed to have that cos I had it when Ann and bought it not sure if it's now are you?
upstairs and.
market.
I'm not thinking it object the sitting tenants.
as it stands at the moment.
Mm.
See here, they're gon na get thirty six for it as it stands put it on the market as.
Might even two years.
Oh that's it, that's why they're coming down, that's why are quite pleased to see us dear, especially at this time of the year, not many people will buy Christmas time, think oh we'll wait and go and get Christmas over and the spring and.
You can get two bedroom.
Well.
I'd better get some clothies on cause a bit of a stir round the estate agents, naked from the waist down, darling.
What that's ten minutes slow Just a-f-bout done all your paper work on them teams.
got a he's coming tomorrow you know, got the bird as well ai n't we, that's why I got up early to I, go through deeply objective.
it's completely anonymous number you know it's only to be on that, said I'll wipe it off then, you bloody well wo n't, I think he wants to tell people before he can say very wrong, could say something personal, if it was personal, no longer it, no you were n't personal to you, but I'm quite happy to arrange it if you wish, no, no, no, no, no,, I should n't have to tell you not to take my points in full, there we go it's driving me doing that in the factory having without people's permission, I want to know, I ask permission if I'd er wanted to as a without being asked to do it, I would of gone and seen personnel and asked, I would not of dreamed of doing it in a work's situation unless I was asked, say anything personal I'd turned it off not that it, apart from me and Stuart.
apart from me and Stuart there's nothing personal on it really, we went me and er telling me about her problems I only put that on a tape do you?
you know, anything personal like that you turn it off do n't you? not that they know or care whi anyone's personal problems anyway, they do n't know who we are.

Yeah, but.
yeah.
the person have a private conversation and let someone say it to me and it, what they, problems it's not something that you wan na be on somebody else's to listen to is it?
You just do n't do it, you know its anonymous.
Deirdre's the only person that's erm got one I on there.
Well.
I suppose I had better make a move to get some clothes on you think?
No wo n't go nowhere that I do.

Yes it will be good, I hope so, I'm getting nervous now.
Yeah.
Cup of tea.
I'm a few minutes.
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday afternoons, and evening and er.
It's house Sunday, out Christmas at least it will be a bit more that was the instead and you and I sleep on the settee.
turf her out on the bed she might sleep with me and you sleep on the settee or would be a bit better than two beds than the settee, an extra bed space for her mum's house too much for over Christmas, that's not fair she's not all over the place.
about moving, I chest some things, she wo n't be there, I'm not taking it all up there.
She got I do n't fancy that at all, sleeping in the to her garage looking my things,.
It's all his stuff in the garage, that belongs to oh.
exactly, it do n't sound very good does it?
Cor, he's low, bloody hell.
What have you lost?
Oh we wo n't go far without them.
I lock the door you lock them in? on your knee.
And off we'd jolly well go.
Broke my nail look at that.
It looks horrid does n't it?
I caught it on a rack in the.
It was hanging on so I had to take it off they are a bloody nuisance them racks you know, dangerous.
It's a wonder people have n't had serious injuries from them really.
Do n't know we get away with it they want the whole lot bloody scrapping and the new lot all the rust ones, there's hardly one decent is there?
At least, yeah, I should think nine tenths of them would go, very there's yesterday's winner darling.
Still trotting along.
I got ride on a horse, poor horse with me on it.
There's heavier people than me that ride, jump jockeys are nearly as heavy as me that ride.
No, she's.
She's not fat but she's a big lady like me.
Yeah yeah, she's a big lady like me, solid.
Yeah jockeys are eleven stone are n't they, er jump jockeys jump jockeys are.
Yeah, and going over jumps and god knows what else which one's quite a way really is n't it? it's quite comfortable eleven, eleven and a half, eleven stone over jumps innit?
Is it?
do they have weights do they jump jockeys,.
I think I quite enjoy a ride yeah.
Did you like horses, you do n't fancy getting on the back of one?
Oh, thought you would.
you are a large, but.
Especially this one it does say, it will have to be a bloody great stallion would n't it? but er, I think it will be quite enjoyable.
Wash the curtains today in the pub Oh god, I got a frog in me throat.
Where you going to park?

No,.
I ca n't understand why people who do, who work in town do n't use that one really.
Pardon.
Oh I do n't know, cos there's a hell of a lot of people parking, same cars in that multi-storey in there.
can if you want, in the it's not that far to go around and use one for the whole day.
Pardon.
Yeah, that gets pretty full weekends but I do n't like that one every week in The Standard there's always a, you know, this break in, that break in and.
I know, but that one seems worse than anywhere, is n't it, every week you know stolen out of the car park car broken into, I mean who's, I ca n't imagine with all them cars in there that nobody ever seems to see anything.
Or they do, and turn a blind eye.
Yeah.
I think a lot of people are just, you know, I'm not getting involved in them, they might belt me one, walk away, anyway you ca n't blame them, sad, people ca n't, people ca n't say it were you and your boy, you know, leave that, leave that alone or else I'll go and get a policeman, the fear of them.
belting them one.
They're gone.
seen so much of it that it, that somebody will see some of it but then, well maybe there, and he did n't really erm, you know, you get out of it quick.
Yeah, cos they do n't want to get involved and they're frightened of the consequences.
more police statements and probably hours police stations.
that to find out that you shopped them they just as liable to put a brick through your window, or belt you one, or damage your car next time they see it.
So you ca n't blame people in that respect really.
Yep.
That's er, quite full dear.
No.
Oh, get anywhere.
It's Thursday can you not park next to that.
Oh.
yeah.
No, there really is erm.
That lady's gon na come next to us look as though she's looking to see if it's available.
she's getting through all right and that one's getting through all right, yeah she's coming next to us.
She is,.

I do n't know where I'm going, wherever you're going you're going this way, you see my watch says quarter to twelve you going on market, I'm going.
got you a darling.
new car park.
and nice, no, erm.

If I buy some carpets fitting or do I extra for the fitting?
No, well you know what I mean it's, was I, I did n't know whether you had to pay.
some places you do or whether.
it's all included.
Marvellous.
marvellous.
Drive me nuts, what make you do it, what too old?
Now it's, now it's gone up to twenty four now, was eighteen, now it's twenty four.
Yeah gone on it, I do n't know why, I said to our how many years is it gon na take you to do it?
He's never there to do it.
Is it, oh, that's.
Huh, he's a good, good lad, but he's er he drinks rather a lot and suffers quite a lot from hangovers, he comes in dries up and goes.
home again.
Oh god.
awful cos I'm first-aided I usually get, I'm the, the lucky person who hangs his head over a sink and sends him home again.
Quite often.
She's doing very well.
Yeah, she's now.
I am getting, I'm moving into a new flat soon and I want a living room, a lounge, a lounge, bedroom, a hall, a bathroom and a kitchen.
erm, I, I'm looking.
Yeah.
Bedroom.
these.
yeah, but they usually get, well quite a good duty bedroom.
deciding what colour ceilings I'm having.
Erm, I'm not absolutely certain, I ai n't got the keys, I mean we're waiting for the mortgage to that's just being decided, draw the contracts after the exchange and er all that lark, but it will be a few weeks.
Yeah I know, I had Maureen on the phone to me last week.
Had somebody down and.
offered them a ridiculous price.
you ca n't have, be in bed while there's someone looking in your bedroom.
, she's off today is n't she, are n't they going to.
going to tribunal.
or something, yeah Maureen said she was going.
well it's not very nice is it?
Oh, well, I'll keep it in mind when I get the lights then I'll come and pick the colour see what's on offer.
I mean I ca n't go until I get a key.
and some date and know when I'm gon na be able to do it.
Well that's it.
Yeah.
Yeah, they're completely empty so they might.
I want the carpets putting in before we get anything else in.
, make a start.
Yeah.
yeah, aha, it will be sort of medium I think.
I say, I've got a lounge, bedroom, the hall, and the bathroom and I've got about seven hundred pounds and that's about it, so erm.
Right, I'll be back.
thank you.
Oh.
No.
I do n't think so, no thank you very much.

Probably, do n't tell the tax office what you earn anyway, I.
He just brought his things.
Yeah, oh god I do n't understand it me, but erm.
They must be used to that, or got out of practice.
Yeah, cos he must of dealt with blooming all the sign here, I remember signing, he signed, I signed, he signed, witnessed it and witnessed yours, remember?, he must be quite used to it.
Mm, yeah.
Yeah, they do.
Yeah, and it's all held up.
for one bit of paper.
We want it done as soon as possible to.
No.
Mm, mm.
Fine.
We just.
Yeah.
Seventh of January if we've got it.
Bye.
No.
No I'm not either.
I'm not either.
hard.
Oh fine.
Well subject to him getting the mortgage.
He's signed er for everything and seen the solicitor.
We've just got to see if the.
We've brought some fish and chips.
You did n't want any did you cos you're going to Vera's?
That's what we thought otherwise we'd have brought some.
Not unless you want to sit at the table do you?
I do n't mind.
Wherever you want to sit.
Yeah we've just got now wait for solicitors an an and the mortgage.
Yeah he's been to see him.
Yeah.
So that's all arranged and now it's just waiting for everything to.
Well the mortgage people have said a couple of days.
then we'll know whether he's got it or not.
I mean all the papers wo n't be through but they can tell us whether it's.
alright.
And then you can exchange contracts solicitor.
But he said he's got a lot of things to go through before he.
he can advise us so.
We can exchange contracts probably next week some time.
No, that's it.
Fine thank you.
So, it's all up to the solicitors really er their solicitors and and Stuart's solicitors they will get everything s sorted out.
Yeah.
Mm.
Getting exciting now.
And once we've exchanged contracts then we can have this solicitor's letter for this fifteen hundred pound to go ahead and all this that and the other.
So we can start deciding what we're having and where.
It's funny you know, we went to.
No.
No.
They're trying their best to get it done before christmas, so.
should n't be that long.
Yeah.
Well he's got to ring Mr and see if he if he really pushes for a month's notice well we'll have to just pay another month and stay you know?
And if if he does n't, if he says that's fair enough, well we're erm there's no point in paying another one when that money can go towards something else ca n't it?
He's had to pay forty pound this morning.
Still have to have a search.
Is n't it.
ridiculous.
Even though it's a brand new house and they're not gon na pull it down tomorrow to build a bloody factory on top of it.
He's had to pay he's got to pay forty pound this morning for a search.
Solicitors.
We'll sit here.
It's alright.
It's no problem.
I just want a piece of fish.
No.
Just, just put a bit of salt on it for me.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No he has to pay, it's forty pound for this search.
He said there wo n't.
be no problems as far as he knows.
He's already dealt with the company so.
They have to do it.
They have to do it.
To make sure it's not gon na have a motorway going through in next year or whatever and.
Yeah.
You have to just sit yeah.
pay up.
He paid that forty pound anyway, that's.
made a start.
But at least there's no stamp duty because it's less than thirty three thousand.
And that's quite a bit of saving cos.
It's thirty three thousand under.
Anything over that.
No.
Thirty three now.
Oh no it's it's.
thirty.
thirty two thousand five hundred.
Anything under that you do n't pay.
Yeah so they could so they could, did n't have to pay it.
I mean what is stamp duty?
It's ridiculous really is n't it?
That's it.
Why should they have a cut of it?
You buy a house and have to pay the government for the pleasure.
Had a stamp on it, yeah.
Yeah.
I do n't know whether they do that.
I know it's quite, the stamp duty can come to a lot of money ca n't it?
Yeah.
Yeah, you had it out the other day.
It's a lot of money.
Well that's it, they just they just see to it all.
You do n't know how many, how much.
No.
Mm.
Yeah.
We signed all the forms anyway so that's something.
But with his being tied up with a pension he gets twelve thousand pension as well.
Once he retires.
Oh yeah.
It will be yours.

Yeah.
You're his next of kin and you're the one on the paper.
He had to put your name down on it.
As you're next er his next of kin and you will the property will become yours.
Oh I do n't want as that, I did n't want as that.
I said a couple.
Do n't matter does it?
I say I ca n't see you saying right he's died tom today, out tomorrow can you?
You're his next of kin you see.
Mm.
he did n't mention it.
Your name's on it now.
Well your name's on it so that's it.
Yeah but if you're the named person.
Mhm.
Sh Sheila's dad.
And that's the law is n't it?
Lovely thank you.
Your husband would have been entitled to it.
That's it.
I'll make it in a minute.
Yeah it looks nice.
It's nice.
I know.
She's already had a little bit.
You do n't want me any other time, do you?
Eh?
How do you feel now, any better?
Oh Wednesday!
Course.

Lovely.
Yeah.
Just as good the other way.
Yeah.

What time you going down to Vera's?
Some time this afternoon?
Be nice.
Ooh.
Mhm.
Ah.
we we we've started.
All the house and the, it's all all in motion.
He has n't opened it yet.
And he's applied for his job so.
New house new job.
keeps saying to me new house new job new baby.
No, not possible.
Oh.
Mm.
Better not look at your numbers then.
Taking your fish now.

We just had to go up and see him and.
Yeah he's been to solicitor as well.
He still does.
You're gon na have to see Stuey now cos Ann's eaten her fish and he's got.
It was a lovely bit of fish.
I never had one bone in it, have you?
Yeah.
Mm.
We do n't have it very often.
I suppose you appreciate it more when you.
We cook it as I say I mean but I do n't often go up the chip shop.
Mm I know.
I know.
Well the last time I bought some then it was three pound something for me and you.
Yeah.
That's what I paid.
I just had just over a pound.
of fish and it, it was three pound something.
Mm.
No, cos there's a lot of batter.
round it.
Mm.
I know.
It is expensive.
You see we moan about paying three pound a pound for meat but you pay it for fish.
It's no different really is it?
Oh it was cheap.
Yeah.
Mm.
What did we have last time?
Whether we had haddock or something, did n't we?
Or plaice, was it?
Plaice I think we had did n't we?
Something like that I know.
Trout's the cheapest and.
That that's ever so cheap, trout is n't it?
It's only two pounds a.
Mm.
Mm.
Not that much.
That's it.
Mm I do.
Only the head and the tail and the innards.
and then the rest's all edible.
Is he alright?
Or is he a bit, still a bit.
Oh.
Try not to talk about it.
That was, that was li like that day was n't it?
When we were, that Sunday when we all sat here waiting for somebody to say something.
Everyone waited for Stuart to start and he would n't.
He would n't, he would n't start the conversation off.
said to him, say something.
No, let them say something and nobody said anything at all.
We, they went in the end.
Oh yeah, that's nice.
Yeah it's a nice jumper.
It's.
It is quite big, but then.
Well, it do n't matter does it?
I'd rather have it too big than than.
skimpy on him.
be lovely and warm.
Mm.
Lovely and warm wo n't it?
She begrudges you every little bit of that.
Her head goes up and down every time you put a forkful in.

On your chair already.
Thought you'd gone.
Gone.
What you doing sitting over there?
Time you time you were in bed.
Mhm.
Take your knife darling.
Is it?
Ah.
I'm sorry.
No.
Oh it wo n't hurt him for once.
Very, very rare.
We do n't have many chips at all really.
I'm not a great one for chips and and fish.
I mean I like, if I do fish usually I, I do it myself.
Yeah.
No I do.
I like to do it, there's very few fish that I do n't like.
No.
It's all batter.
And it's not cheap.
It's not a cheap meal.
I mean you can make a a proper meal for what you.
pay for fish and chips really.
Mm.
Occasionally it's just handy is n't it?
It's gone gone twelve o'clock.
By the time we got here and started cooking something it would be rushing to get it eaten so.
I doubt it.
Not the way things are.
at the moment.
It's so quiet.
We did some of today's.
Never never known ever to be laid off in five years.
No, I think it's just I think they plan well according er to John yesterday they planned it this way.
And it was quiet and it it's quiet.
The they have n't taken the orders for this week and so they can next week it will get busier.
So that we're all caught up ready for the christmas rush.
That's what he said.
They did n't plan a big order book these few weeks before christmas so that everything could get caught up and we're all.
all straight ready for er.
extra orders the week before christmas.
Cos I said to him I've never known it as slack as this in, in the few weeks before christmas.
He said oh this year it was planned like that.
Yeah.
Cos other years we've been two days behind with orders you know and.
rushing about and everybody working all hours god sends and.
and he said it was planned for this lull beforehand.
See what more money they want out of him he'll scream.
Or cry.
I do n't know.
That's an interesting conversation.
Mouthful of biscuit.
He knows I would n't have one.
That's all.
Good heavens.
And you said you did n't have, you had loads of wool left.
Surprising is n't it?
That's only just gon na do it is n't it?
Oh, is there gon na be enough?
Yeah, yeah.
By the time you.
do the neck and cast off.
There's only just gon na be enough.
Just to say we've er.
Mm.
Not telling us.
You did n't!
It said what?
It's private so.
Put in an offer for this house.
No, we could do with one to keep everything together cos contracts and that you have.
keep safe and solicitor's letters and that.
So it's now sold subject to contract?
That's what it'll have on it.
Nobody else can have a look at it now.
No, that's what they put on them now.
Nobody else can have a look.
I do n't think that, they ca n't put a better offer in can they?
When it's sold subject to contract.
They ca n't gazump you at the last minute cos it makes.
that's usually what they write on them is n't it?
Sold subject to contract do n't they?
Yeah.
Well that will keep everything together.
No that's fine.
Mm cos you've got to keep all the bits and pieces together.
It just says thank you for your you have applied to par apply for this house subject to contract and that's it.
Like I say that's what they will put on the thing is n't it?
Sold subject to contract.
Well he said a telephone call will just will tell him that wo n't he?
If you come in Monday the tel.
a telephone call will tell you whether you've the papers wo n't be drawn up but they will be able to tell him on through the phone whether it's okay.
No.
I think, he had to give his doctors how long and what illnesses.
Dunno.
He's had no illnesses or.
Well we give his name did n't we?
I mean really anybody can say anything if you do n't, if they do n't look into it.
I could say I've never had an illness in me life and whatever ca n't I?
Anybody could s.
Cos otherwise you could say anything could n't you?
You know I mean anybody could say anything.
I could say no I've never had an illness.
I mean it would n't be the truth but you, if they did n't look into it you could say it could n't you?
And no doubt some people who would try that kind of thing is n't there?
If they think it spoils their chances.
Yeah because this is a pension mortgage you see.
Oh well.
You can bump him off now you know, from the fifth of January cos you get thirty thousand quid if you bump him off.
You do.
You're his beneficiary.
So once he's paid the first payment by the fifth of January.
Ha we'll share it?
Yeah.
You're you're you're the beneficiary of his er hi hi his f thirty thousand pound.
I'll have to see if I can get some banana skins put on the stairs.
Yeah, we could go via Bahamas could n't we?
Cruise.

Yeah.
Yeah, well then we could sell the flat.
So we'd still have the money.
Would n't we?
Yeah but I mean we'd have a a flat without any any mortgage.
It would be completely owned by your mum.
So therefore she could do what she wanted with it.
You can name he said, who do you wish to name?
And he put your name down.
I mean it does n't say.
No, it can be anybody I suppose, could n't it?
He put your, he he just put your, you down and that was it.
So that's it.
Mm.
Yeah we'll go that way round.
To Australia.
Visit to Australia cos we might as well have a long cruise.
Mm.
Better watch your step next time you drink whisky.
few things on the stairs.
Most people are if they've got property are n't they?
Yeah, we are.
That's all I I'm hoping.
that Stuart's done the right thing.
It's him that's signed it.
Well.
Yeah.
Well at least he knows with this m mortgage and that, he knows what it's all about.
It's not like one of us going in and not.
understanding and just signing papers.
At least he knows and he.
questions and he, he understands it all.
Which a lot of people would, say they go and sit down there and they say blah blah blah sign here and.
It's what happens because you do n't understand all the.
terms and the things they use.
You do n't know what they're on about.
I mean even today he'd made a mistake on that thing and you spotted it where I would n't have done.
He did n't take tax relief off.
Cos Stuart will get tax relief and he had n't put that down.
But Stuart noticed it straight away.
No, not many peo you've got I do n't know why.
I do n't know why it does n't crop up because it's cheaper than an ordinary one, so why it does n't.
Why it does n't I do n't know.
I do n't understand that.
And not only does.
Well it is as mu it's it's worked out a few pounds cheaper.
But not only that at the end he's also, as well as the house he's getting a pension as well instead of just the house.
Well that's it.
Well er I'd never heard of it.
I'd never heard of it.
Pay an average amount of your wage, whatever.
Yeah that's that's what happens with people now.
People who are paying seventy eighty pound a month mortgage who've had them for years and then.
Yeah.
But we've got all that side sorted out have n't we?
Er er.
Yeah well that's it, if your wages are only eight quid a week if you're paying a month's wa.
one week of your wages out it's.
has to come out of his bank.
Every month.
It'll just be took automatically.
out of your bank, wo n't it?
His money his money will be gone and we'll live on ours, mine.
So I mean it's just the same whatever is n't it?
Oh yeah we'll be alright.
As I say if they took my wages into consideration they would have let us buy next door even.
They would.
I mean it would have been a hell of a lot of.
Well it would have been a hell of a lot of money.
Well that's it you see.
But if if I'd have, if we'd have gone joint we'd have had enough.
Seat-y belt on Stuart.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Townwomen's Guild.
Did he know you?
Oh.
But he, did he know who you were?

Yeah exactly.
Or your dad or your.
Oh, well.
Yes.
If you wish.
Right, yeah.
Yep.
Is there one for Ann or not?
very sharp frost tonight.
Think it's supposed to be going to be a cold more tomorrow.
Well that's what the weather forecast was.
That is for.
Put this on.
look naked.
Cause a stir if nothing else would n't it?
, yeah.

It's not gon na come up to any more than anything.
I'm making you destitute are n't I?
Like me.
We'll we'll be starving in our garret together darling.
If it, if if.
So it's.
Yeah if we absolutely.
We'll have to do it.
Is it hard getting them out?
I do n't know, or I ca n't remember.
You do n't want to make a loss if you do n't have to.
Until it's taken out.
I mean it's not a good investment is it?
Speculative.
It's alright.
Well well well that's it.
I mean there's safer investments.
That's what I meant.
If you wanted to.
It did n't matter so much to you.
Mm invested them somewhere else.
No.
That's one of the things that you do n't know about.
Are they?
And you would n't be?
No as if you would!
He's a pig.
Told him he's a ignorant pig.
I could n't help it, I was so angry with him.
He's taking the piss out of me pulling a rack through.
He would n't get out the bloody way.
Laughed his head off and.
I said you're just you're just a ignorant pig.
Shut your bloody.
mouth or.
And when I walked away I thought, oh fancy saying that but I'd said it, it was too bloody late.
It was too late, I'd said it.
I thought oh Ann you should n't say things like that to people but.
it just come out and you're a bloody ignorant pig and I'll.
belt you one if you do n't shut your gob.
I know I should n't have said it but soon as it come out me mouth.
I thought.
but when it come out me mouth, as soon as I said it I thought you should n't speak to people to people like that but I'd said it had n't I?
I'd done it.
It was too late.
It had come out and I'd said it's what I felt at the minute.
Taking the piss and w he would n't get out the bloody way and I'm trying to get through with that rack.
Well I could have quite easily hit him last night.
I really could I said to him if you do n't shut your bloody gob I'll belt you one.
He went oh she's getting angry!
What, on trussing?
No well he's oh on racking?
Well he's never done it before.
That's why.
Yeah.
I would n't help him!
I would n't.
I'd sooner.
Maxine said oh he's struggling up there look.
He's got a basket full there's bloody chickens all over.
I said let him bloody get on with it.
I'm not helping him.
I do n't.
I admitted I do n't like him.
There's just something about him that you just ugh.
Mm I really hollered at him.
Shut your bloody gob otherwise I'll shut it.
I said you're an ignorant pig, that's all you are.
You should have heard them all.
Whoa go on Ann, go on!
Yeah I know.
You ca I ca n't hel I'd I right from the day he walked in I did n't like him.
When he poked, when he poked me in me arm and said.

Going to the bog.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No.
Do you remember when he come, yeah.
Went after her did n't he?
He ran out the office to er screech about it when we used to park down here.
Come racing out the bloody office.
Really bawled them out.
He said it's not a bloody dirt track.
He said there's a speed limit, and there's people walking round you could kill bloody somebody.
He went barmy to him did n't he?
I know it was somebody that he come chasing at, chasing after.
I know who you mean.
Julie.
His face was scarlet.
But he came ra racing out the office after her when he heard car go roaring past the office.
Cos the office was there then were n't it?
Mm.
Count the time.
They've done all today's racking.
Mm.
Only be drumsticks now for for parties wo n't it Jean?
They do n't want much else.
Yeah done.
Done, put them in now.
Yeah gripping them, them drums.
Yeah.
We ai n't got Maureen today so we'll have to find somebody in place of her.
On holiday.
There's something inside the rib is n't there?
No, I say I'm not sitting here much longer.
I'm shaking here.
When?
No.
Should think coming up, must be a year now must n't it?
No I ca n't remember exactly what month.
I'm going in cos I'm cold.
I have n't a clue.
