
Yeah.
You do n't want very much the milkman left us two pints of milk this morning help me.
Put one on the table and the other in the fridge.
Yes.
Oh no I do n't, well yeah.
Oh go on, let them open, I'll have a few with my tea.
erm if you want to.
I actually called Del out today.
I caught Del out twice.
Yeah actually out in the cleaning.
He looked at me and he went urgh its her and he ran down.
I think I'll throw these cuttings away.
Not these.
Sitting there and dying.
lonely.
Yes.
Let's do that.
Yes, if you would please Do n't eat them all Daddy wants some.
Move Ben.
I like him.
No I'm not are not having anything this for Christine.
What was that?
What?
Yeah, well we'll have to try it and see how it works.
I mean if that upsets it then we'll.
We'll have to try.
Yes yes.
Shall I put all this in the bag?
Which book?
is it a blue book that's the white one.
The blue one is for yourself.
Yeah eleven to go.
Can you help Daddy, now find the erm.
will use it as a microphone.
Dirty look No do n't you say a word you you're wicked.
Do you want a banana?
Ben!
Microphone man.
No, it has to be Daddy.
You're a sample.
Are you sure you do n't want a cup of tea?
Anybody want some more twiglets?
Cos we'll have to ask Grandma and we'll have to ask Vicky.
Was it the checkout girl we always go to?
We already had her last week.
She missed you last week.
Mm.
Do they?
Yes I know that fifty pee that I owe you I have n't forgotten about it.
Mm?
Here Ben.
That's two boxes?
No it's it's, she was a bit over the hill for it I'm afraid.
nineteen.
Actually the little red light is flickering up and down I do n't know.
Oh so it's picking it up.
Mm yeah, it's when you talk.
Are you going to wear it tonight?
No, you're not.
Oh no it's not always on.
But if the televisions not on, the cd is.
Mind your tea Chrissie dog, mutt.
I realise just today how.
small the back the back problem that she's got is.
I saw a little girl in the hospital.
and she was n't o, she did n't have a hump on her back, but it looked as though her whole rib cage was at a.
sort of forty degree angle to.
the body.
Do n't know.
Five well what time does it start, five past? as long as they're down before half past seven.
No I have n't yet.
erm I'll phone up tomorrow.
Murder most horrid.
and Canned Carrot.
and that's about it.
I wonder if Dad's got his other dog yet?
I wonder how his foot is actually.
No.
It's about that long and it.
just came up over night till we found out in the morning well you can see it ca n't you Oh you did you see it? the swelling on your dad's foot.
Just one more and I'll do just have a quick look round the outside see if they're here.
Lets face it theirs was n't to pick from should say really miserable.
No.
I liked it knowing what I want.
It was a good idea taking your own dressing gown though was n't it?
There was one girl there today, she was about fifteen or seventeen and she had to put her coat on over the top of the gown because it was.
all open down the back and you had to walk out through a huge waiting room full of people.
Yeah mm.
Well normally they'd given them dressing gowns before but it's the first time they've had gowns is n't it?
White gowns.
Oh yeah, that's right you had to hold yours up together as well.
Just think that's going to pick up all your tummy gurglings gurgle gurgle.
There's a tape counter on it.
There's a tape counter on it.

No musical today?
I think probably Tony, do you want to take one of these letters before we go out?
you're you're you're you're a National Treasury in spoken English.

Do you want me to do that?
No.
Yeah no it is.
There you go.
Wired for action.
Is it still recording?
Twenty tapes to get through we'll need to get going.
Next Friday night.
I've got to pop upstairs a minute.
No I'll get those can you do me a favour and put those boxes underneath.
I've got to er.
after lunch.
Yes.
Here.
Yeah oops You nearly had a head full of did n't you Ben?
I take.
Yeah, but we're gon na see if we can get you a pair of shoes are n't we?
Yes, we are gon na see if we can get you a pair of shoes Do you want some shoes.

Where the hell did you get that one from.
it's all colour, you need lots of it the age of the hippy.
Oh.
Come here then.
Turn it round.
Did you do those videos.
Oh great.
Oh yeah notice you did n't know you had them until we clear out the wardrobe.
The, yeah the leather, the.
No, it's alright I've just put mine away.
Oh Tony if I leave my seat in will you lock the door?
Or have you got my bag then.
Oh yeah shopping bags?
Oh.
Thank you I'm hopeless.
No, leave it off Christine.
No we're not even away yet.
I'm putting my belt on.
Oh that's no trouble it's practically on the way so.
Ah never mind it wo n't be long.
It's all nerves.
Oh come on do n't play me up, we'll have to check this.
Yeah cold and damp that's the two things that it does n't like.
No, it's not I thought it was a bit thin.
Okay.
Okay then.
Yeah worst luck.
Bye.
Bye.
Can I put the radio on?
Well yeah, it's bound to throw you, I mean its.
it's the first time you drove in the dark was on your driving test was n't it?
It was unfortunate.
but it was.
Was it as dark as this?.
Well the only thing you can do is hopefully your next test is n't at the same time make it a.
different time.
Might be I mean ask Brian, see.
what he can do because.
I mean I knew the first day I drove in the dark was the first night we had the car and it was most odd experience.
I mean first day.
driving a brand new car and then.
driving in the dark for the first time, ha.
Yeah and the thing is also being new to driving you tend to look at the headlights rather than look away from them.
And that does n't help because I do n't know, it was n't, I do n't think you'd find it was as dark as this.
Not at four o ' clock, its not quite that dark at.
half past, yeah.
but not this dark at four, not yet.
Oh yeah, it's pretty dark but not.
it's not black like this.
Are you, what are you doing tomorrow, are you coming in with me?
Friday.
Good.
it's nice to have someone to talk to.
I do n't care.
Nice chap.
He came out of the Harvester but it would have been nice if he'd waited for there to be a gap in the traffic.
If you see what I mean.

Ah it's gon na be one of those nights tonight.
Why?
Idiots come out.
last.
Yeah, last Christmas was a real eye opener to me, cos the Christmas before.
I did n't drive very much cos my Dad was still so bad I only did.
the essential journeys.
and I mean I then I'd only just had my operation an and to actually drive for longer than about twenty minute journeys was killing so.
I only drove over to to do the shopping and to pick Christine up from School.
That was all.
Yeah you must do you see you've got to.
look if you've got to concentrate on anything, concentrate on the white line or.
the kerb certainly the white line if you can.
cos if you concentrate on the kerb you tend to drive a bit too close to it.
and also it's not always there for you to see easily.
whereas the white line is But if you look into the headlights it can be not dark erm but it appears to be dark because.
they react into the headlights.
And you've got ta be careful as well at night not to hang on to the tail lights of the thing in from of you.
cos it's very easy to do it because they're two little red beacons.
you know you've still got to look ahead.
and concentrate on what's happening.
further up the road.
Yeah.
But you see it every day I mean.
You know I've had it happen the lights have changed just as I've been crossing them so I've gone over and three cars immediately behind me have followed me.
We're gon na have to get a tyre gauge I reckon they've got a new depth of tread one point six millimetres which is bigger than the.
Now he's gon na be sneaky now.
No but it ca n't.
Yes and it's more than they.
We even know where it came from.
Well on the wrong side of the road as well just a bit rather nutty.
Are we gon na have another go at Christine's bedroom this weekend?
Do you want to see if we can finish it Christine.
How about if we went out and bought the desk erm.
Now wait erm Saturday?
Only we I do n't, I do n't know about you but I do n't want to leave it until the last minute.
I'd rather.
We're gon na have to take these for Christmas shopping.
Well we've got to finish sorting it out Chris cos there's still too much stuff for once it's.
when it's completely sorted out Chrissie erm oh I do n't really know what to say, she's having this desk for Christmas.
once her bedroom is sorted oh well, well we'll have a talk about it later on okay?
It's whether we do it now and we let her have it before.
Well she'll still get her ch her stocking and.
a voucher for Christmas.
Yes, I do n't think she's going to be short, do you?
The thing the desk you can use once we've got your bedroom sorted out.
but Christine it's gon na be arranging that desk is gon na take a whole er oh arranging the bedroom is gon na take a whole day cos you're wardrobe is too heavy to move on it's own it's got to be taken apart.
Okay?
But it's gon na take a long time, it's not gon na be a quick half hour job.
Well no not the heaviest thing is your wardrobe.
and that's got ta be taken apart right?
And the bed will slide to one end.
Everything's got to be sorted out I think her pram and her other desk is gon na have to go up in the.
Yes.
What's that?
Well I think I might be able to sort that out a lot of it will be underneath your.
well some of.
it will covered up in any case.
It's alright, I'm just going up one up here.
That place where your wardrobe is.
erm will be covered up by your bed.
and the place where two of th.
Yeah, but.
Well I've heard of a tip whether it works or not I do n't know so we'll try it and see that's all.
we can do she put an ice cube on the splodge let it melt and when it drys out the carpet comes up again but I do n't know if it'll work but it ca n't do any harm, can it?
Be a daughter.

This thing.
that you we're playing with this morning and you did n't put it in properly.
Yeah.
I've spoken, do n't do that any more!
Do n't do that any more.
I think so there's not much point in keeping it in it's box is there.
Do n't.
Okay?
It's only another three, four weeks to Christmas now in any case.
She's been a bit sick.
Cos we've only got Sundays and this Sunday.
we're gon na be clearing out those, thank you the rest.
of your bedroom Sunday after probably Grandma will be coming up.
Well you'll have your bedroom will be totally different, it will be.
much more grown up.
I think though, your lamp you're gon na have to wait for your lamp because that's but you can have your desk.
and we'll Grandma about the chair, but I ca n't see her saying no.
cos Grandma buying you you're chair is n't she.
Yeah.
I think Grandma will agree.
Oh I did n't ask your Mum if she wanted any sweet and sour is he stopping, going?
Stopping.
I must pump up these tyres.

Yeah and the car needs a wash as well.
Look at that man sitting there.
Oh there's Grampy.
Tony's wired for action.
Oh it'll be alright, yeah.
Have you got the letter the.
I do n't think Daddy's got the legs.
No.
Yeah.
You know the result.
I think you might like more what's round the other side.
Cos you're best ones are like that are n't they?
Mummy Mum.
Leave yes.
Comfy.
Ooh.
and the sole goes right up over there so you're not.
gon na lose a bit off the front.
Leather I can see that.
Leather upper manmade lining and sole.
Seventeen ninety nine.
Better than the.
Look it's not the cheap that you're looking for.
No, neither do I.
Let's looking you're looking for comfortable shoes are n't you?
It's a shame they do n't do the grey ones in black cos they looked comfortable as well.
Sorry?
Sorry.
I think I've put my foot in it do n't you?
When I said oh gosh personally.
I mean he does n't know the.
he's only had them.
for a few months.
Stupid.
Try them on, yeah.

I'll hold on to you dear.
You desperately need a new pair of shoes.
Do they feel good?
A ten?
I could ask the girl to see for you.
and they will give a bit.
but they're leather.
How do they feel now?
Yeah well tha that's the nice thing about having leather shoes.
if you sort of go to fit you sl.
slightly I mean if they're uncomfortable do n't have them.
Do the lace up a little bit more.
Well that's no good then is it?
are comfortable.
Do you like your best shoes? but those look wider across the toes.
No it's not fussy i i if they're not comfortable you're gon na have problems with your feet.
and that's silly.
Those ones?
What size was it again?
What are those eight? nine is that the other one.
Were they slippy when you walked have a little walk I liked them with laces.
Well you could have a look at your best ones and decide which ones you want to keep for best.
I do n't know, it does n't matter.
There's no price on them so it does n't matter there is n't a price on any of them so oh we'll.
Yeah.
Well it's up to you if you want them to s shall I see if I can find a girl and you might try a size ten in the other ones would you like me.
Oh.
Yep.
Yeah so have I, it must be boring.
To actually go through it a bit at a time I mean the majority of it is fine.
Do you know what.
Yeah.

His Dad's foot, he's still limping is n't he?
Cos I noticed when we were there and it just collapsed he could n't walk a lot.
Really?
Oh stupid you've got.
no hard skin there.
Oh wait a minute the doctor should n't have seen it then should he?
No I've we've got some at home I got some erm.
I got two big plastic.
So you said she started to grow sesame herbs.
What you want to do is and said probably again nine months after.
then I could start and you do n't get any.
Do n't start Chris!
and send it to.
so with a bit of luck we wo n't have to go.
any more.
Yeah.
Yeah yeah.
No.
Your lucky did n't they say yours were very narrow never mind you can go along and enter again.
I just wonder how it's gon na come out with all the background noise, I wonder whether.
it's gon na be worth.
them having.
That's all.
No well it's not but trying to say.
Do we need any bin liners?
I bought some last week did n't I Chris?
Have the bin liners we got enough black bags yes we've got.
yeah cos I over.
What you doing.
What do you think?
Oh yes a vandal.
She's got all her.
Yep.
Ha ha.
What?
She does n't likes the processed ones she likes the ones.
Did you get some sweetcorn? right We got some brussels sprouts.
I thought it might be nice to put her back on her vitamin tablets actually it's just a vitamin C haliborange one.
Go alright starting to get fed up you know.
Is it that size?
Shall I see if I can get you some?
Sorry?
Who?
Yeah.
You think oops I've done something wrong.
I was just thinking that way as well.
I like to keep one of those just in case they er.
No Vicky I meant.
No Vicky.
I ca n't see her.
She's probably way up the other end.
Christine.
Oh little babies.
It's good actually cos it's not obvious.
Oh well wait until that's finished it's that's it then.
till tomorrow.
Three nineteen.
Nice gooey cake.
No which one do you want then.
Those are nice.
This.
They're all nice actually are n't they?
kitchen cupboard let's do it properly.
Do you only want sweet.
That's a new one Hovis White.
Do n't particularly want any more.
If I pull that out.
Do n't.
Get.
Oh remember those Brownies?
Yep.
Nice though but.
too much though.
We need some more meat for Ben from the pet shop.
Yeah they had those in last week.
Six.
and what are those ten.
It's all different varieties, one, two, three six different varieties.
Oh he'll like that it's got his tripe.
No no no.
Yeah.
Urgh!
I said shall I get him some more chews?
About half a box at home oh I will.
that er.
Yeah potatoes including maggots!
really good sorry.
Have you switched off yet?
No I just wondered oh it has.
Turn round where's the little light then?
Oh round there just wondered whether you wanted to keep a bit of tape for Vicky.
I do n't know I have n't seen her yet probably I want to get some minced beef got some lamb have little erm.
but we're being good.
Oh that's just once a week.
Some.
In fact I do like these I think I'll get one.
to put in the fridge how are your nearly there?
Oh yeah.
He put it on and walked round with it for about ten minutes before we had the nerve to say anything to him.
Alright Tony?
Why?
Yes, and you?
What's going on here then?
Oh..
Yeah.
Er Gary, do you mind.
alright, alright, quite everybody, quite, right, who want's to go first?
Me, I will Debbie.
Piece of cake?.
Christine, I'm not coming in till nine o'clock, perhaps half past eight, half past eight, I will pick you up as well.

Oh.
But I do.
I would like you to let, I would like you to let me go down to the fair.

What's this or something.

Den I told mum about your dad last night with.
Oh yeah..
Christine you'll have to get your feet down me love I want to sit down..
No, I do n't mind where I sit as long as I got a seat, ha, ha.
Yeah.
Oh lot's of people going then?
That, we'll pick you up at half past eight, not nine o'clock, that's a bit too late.
The head.
Did you take your bottle of milk in this morning before you went?
Well there were n't any, did n't have any.
Well you have it might.
Did you take our milk in this morning?
Well there's two lots there.
Crates there, but no milk.
There's two in, in your, in your, in your, your er a fridge, and I thought it might.
So I picked up the thing with an empty bottle and put it in the, on the kitchen.
Well it was marked for one and there was no milk, there was no er, there was an empty bottle in the thing, but no milk, as long as he do n't charge you for.
What they telling her off for?
Dad phoned me up twice from your house this morning and could n't get no answer here, he said, I was sat here so I can here the phone go, anyway he went around again later on, tried it, and it was alright then.
Do n't what it was.
Also in dad's last night said sat up watching the gold fish and he said oh I'll, I'll give you, I'll give you a tank and I'll get some fish on Sunday.
Well she did n't think he was serious, he was, so were gon na have to phone up tonight and say look, no fish.
No I ca n't, I can get a size eleven.
But I've got a very high in-step you see..
Is that you bought last night?
Similar to that though in it?
Well when I finally chuck out these brown ones what I wear every day.
I know.
Yeah.
No, so I was gon na say, I, I, go up to the shop up Kingswood see if they had any cheap up there.
it'll come suddenly.
What all you need know is a polishing off.
You know, you, it's, that's what it is it's getting the flow.
and that takes the one off.
Carry on drying your hair can you?
You've got it all.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You'll be able to, but you ca n't at the moment.
And that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No.
Yeah.
Oh, the horrible corner.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Enough revs on the engine to keep it going.
The car would of slowly slowed down to be at the speed that the engine.
was going on, yeah yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yes, because you see,, I do n't remember, I, I think I take that one in second you see.
But,.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There's always a car parked on the corner.

I must admit I'd always cheat at that corner, when I'm coming up to it, I do n't do it suddenly.
I'm then coming up to it, I move fractionally out into the road.
then you've got more room to get round If you sit glued to the pavement it's a hell of a job to get round.
whereas if your fractionally out further into the road it's easier to, got slightly different.
oh, so you've had to get out.
yeah.
You'll get it.
It is.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, I see.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
you need help,.
yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, but that means that they still do occasionally.
I mean, that, very, very occasionally you'll do something and you'll think, erm why did n't I do that you think that's stupid, you know,.
and you think oh.
No, occasionally I'll do something like that mind you.
Yeah I was annoyed, up at Christine's school the other day, I was waiting for Anita, and there's driveways all along that road.
so there's stops where you can park on those.
driveways, it was pouring down with rain one day so I was going up to meet her and we, I'd got up there, I've learnt now, I leave home at quarter past three if it's raining.
I go up to meet Anita, anyway you can get a parking space up there, so I've turned, drove up there they say I have n't left as early, it was while I was learning.
when the erm, so it, a car parked across a drive and a car, the car behind him which was in a space was going.
and it was in quite a big space, I could off got in behind him and then changed if I'd reversed in but when I saw this other chap sat in his car and then he indicated he wanted to pull out, so I let him go.
Then I drove into his space well then somebody else came and drove in behind me and the car in front then was sort of, oh yeah, then somebody else came and reversed in in front of him, so the car in front it was across the drive was boxed in by this time, I did n't box him in I just.
parked behind, but then somebody else came and parked in front of him, and he was there and sort, you could see him looking you know, he looked at the driveway and he looked, he was looking in his rear view mirror and then he turned round and looked like this, then he looked at the front, and he was thinking my god I ca n't get out of here, and all of a sudden a little car comes up the road stops, goes beep, beep on the horn, wan na get in the drive, this bloke went ha, ha, ha, ha and he could n't do anything.
So, so, he looked, he looked round at me, he looked at the the other group waiting in front and he was, he flashed his lights at them so that, they realised what was going on by then, they moved forward a bit, I moved back a bit and he just had enough room he reversed right up close to me and then got out but he just had enough room to get out, and since then I wo n't park over the driveway up there, cos you can bet your life the one driveway along that road and you parked in front is the one that somebody wants to get into.
Oh right, I'd better go actually.
Mother eh be er complaining.
Where have you been, you said half past three.
It'll be twenty to by the time I get round there..
I ca n't.
believe it when he took the.
Oh good.
Good, good.
What date did you put on the form, not before.
Mm.
No, no.
I, I said to him I, I do n't want, I know I ca n't have a test soon, but I do n't really want another one that soon.
Mm.
Mm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What.
we doing tomorrow?
Mm.
Yeah.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, so I ca n't.
Mm.
I think I, what, what I'm thinking is that this sort of are there's er any, any driving would be good.
No matter what I do.
But checking this slipping the clutch in first.
Cos, when you try, if you try and control it on the accelerator it's very, it's really jerky.
or it's very difficult to keep it smooth.
I wo n't say it's really jerky, but it.
Yeah, yeah.
I.
Yeah.
And it's so much easier to put some reeves on than use the clutch.
It is.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
He said something and I could n't make sense of it.
because he said that when I came into that corner I pulled in I'd slowed too much and then had to drive round, drive round the corner with my left foot flat on the floor and I thought oh, should n't your left foot be flat on the floor when you corner and that's probably what he was getting at, as I could off been slipping the clutch.
But when he said it, I thought oh I thought I had to have my left foot flat on the floor when I cornered, cos in second you have too.
In second it's cut and dry.
You've got to have your foot flat on the floor before you corner.
Yeah I know.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No.
But if you ca n't cope with it.
You've got to be able to cope with it.
But you've got to treat it as a special case.
and you've got to.
Mm.
Mm.
Yeah.
Help with your accelerator control.
So it's diff of course there's courses giving.
instructors different ways of teaching you.
You, you need fine control on the clutch,.
but you also need it on the accelerator as well.
and he said well, okay, with your reversing and everything else your getting the front control on the clutch.
this will help you to do it on your.
accelerator.
So,.
yeah.
Yeah.
Yes.
Yeah.
Any rate.
See you later then.
I see you later than, oh where's the car keys I had them on the.
Yeah, I know, do you want a cake or is it not too naughty?
Christine can you turn that volume down a bit, it's up too high.
. Yes you want to take it.
do your hair.
Bye.
Hello.
There's a cauliflower and a bag of potatoes left, ok.
It's alright, I'll go and get them.
Oh.
Yeah.
Oh, are you?
Well, you ca n't do it if they, if they do n't want you to.
You can do what you can do.
Yeah see what he means?
I'm gon na take mum out on Monday.
And were gon na get some more Christmas stuff on.
and a few drinks.
And chocolate, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
Sorry I've been a while, I went into mum's to take her shopping in and Uncle Philip was there.
And having, seeing as we see him so rarely now.
I ah, look, do n't say anything to Christine.
and I bought those, because you know Jane came up?
and she ate two of the vegetable ones.
well there's two left in there and that's not enough for you and I.
so I thought we could have two, one of those each and five fingers.
So.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well it's other people as well I think, but, I believe you do n't have to sit down conversation on your on do you?.
unless there's something seriously wrong.

You do n't want one of these do you?
Right aha.
Yeah.
No, hot dogs tonight so do you mind having eh.
right, I'll light the oven.
Give it a chance to warm up, we need n't put it in for a bit.
Sorry I was a long time I did n't.
Eh started chatting told him you've got a photograph of for you.
He said when were moving her bedroom around, if he, if we give him a shout he'll come over and help.
Cos of taking the wardrobe of it and what have you.
I must admit I would be grateful cos if anything goes wrong.
ca n't get it back together.
It'll be shameful to ask her.
And then were, were, sort of D I Y.
Ooh, and mum also.
this, you know with been thinking of Chris Causeway at the erm place too go.
M F I.
And it's, it's the colour she wants, and not only has she got drawers, but she's got shelves down that side as well.
Look at.
No,.
There is n't any more it was right opposite me.
it's not there any more.
But we can get her, that Christine Christine.
Come and see, you know originally you wanted a white desk, not a black one.
Do you like the look of that with book shelves down the side there?
Yeah, you've got three doors which is more storage space than the other one, cos the other one only had a cupboard down had no drawers, what's the matter?
It's just that you, your better of space if you have that one and you can books down there or on them whatever you want too and if you had that one, you'd be able to have a, erm another cupboard as well probably.
Is it cheaper?
It's only cheaper because it's in a sale, it's been reduced down from forty pounds, it was forty pounds before.
Well you can go and have a look if you like.
If you do n't like it it's up to you.
What's up? there is, we can tell, what's the matter?
Tell us.
Yes there is.
Yeah.
Yeah, but the other one, remember it was a choice of two was n't it?
Well, is a bigger one.
Yeah.
Just one side I tell you what, let's take you, do n't do that, or you'll break it off, let's take you and you can have a look at this one.
Why do you want a lockable cupboard? we do n't well it's very, so why do you need a lockable cupboard?
Well I do n't think that one will fit in your bedroom in any case, having looked at the size of the wardrobes and the site of the gap that you've got.
That we thought was best.
Well let's have a think, we'll, we'll have a think and then have a look, if we go up there it's a huge furniture place, they wo n't have just one they'll have more than one ok?
How about that?
I said, they wo n't just have one designer desk will they?
If they just furniture ok, whereas Argos do a lot of other things as well, so if we take you over there you can have a look see if there's anything you really fancy.
I know it's awful making you actually have to decide for yourself.
I do n't think that one will fit in.
Yes.
Yeah, well let's go and have a look, ok.
Do n't make up your mind one way or the other, cos were have to take our tape measure.
No.
Have a gingerbread man.
There's icing on the gingerbread man, your not.
She's asked for the icing of off our cake not our cake and she's not having it.
Do you want a gingerbread man with your cup of tea?
Oh, told you, got to eat all her dinner, oh, wow, gee.
Mm.
Ah.
I see, torturing that child again are n't you?.
Childline, Childline Den got us a Hovis loaf it looks than the other one.
Now.
to have a gingerbread man if you want it otherwise let daddy Oh what's this Bedknobs and Broomsticks?
Yeah.
I just wondered why I heard a noise, the gerbils running.
No.

They must off worked on that cat for hours to get into the.
Mm, mm.
At all is there.
.. It did n't get a very good in the book.
No.
Tape.
for children.
might be different.
Mm That was second tape is it that one?
I must admit I wondered.
Because, it gets ridiculous and everyone gets very into what there saying.
You know, and they long conversation with each other were they get used to it.
Oh it says in here explain what you are doing when you are recording the conversation you will need to explain to the other people involved what you are doing and why.
Ah, it maybe that after the conversation has finished unless they ask you directly what you are doing.
Yeah.
I must admit you'll get through the tapes a lot quicker that way wo n't you?
I mean, I mean, one word were usually talking same.
Big.




Oh good.
Sorry the Drowning.
I do n't remember every seeing it.
I do n't remember seeing that.
Oh, terrible.

Oh, that's wicked.
Boring, why?
Do n't know why you laugh at it then,.
Oh.
Oh oh, got his nose tucked under his wing.
And it was the family with the amazing flame dog.
He's got your jumper on.

Tony Blackburn is wearing daddy's jumper, you see when he opens the.
No, there's grey one with the leather bits under the front.
Go on, smile.
Er four.
You've got half of them over there, cos that's a.
There's some under there, you have n't got them all in there.
Well that's cheating.



Sorry.
she's.
Never mind when you come to.
Yeah, well I mean even if you recorded as much as you can, if, you've got twenty tapes.
so you've got plenty of er.
I mean, when if you.
No, well the thing is you, to be honest you forget about it do n't you?
Just explain and see what people say.
If anybody asks us, you can tell them.
Yeah.
We can record us going to work and coming home and on weekends.
At lunch time.
Yeah.
But, you can have ask Pauline see what she says, but.
But, erm, actually it would be probably be nice for you if you could record it in your training session because you can take in your pocket and sometimes you, you can get a better idea of how it's.
How you sound and how it goes if you can.
do you know what I mean?
If light bulb.
that one went the other night.
He's got little shorts on.
Well, well, what, what we've got to go and put the dinner in my darling.
Oh you poor thing..
Well I'm sorry Christine I've got to go and get dinner.
Grandma's be around here in about an hour.
you always, it's difficult when were sat down doing nothing you do n't ask.
I got some more rolls, so I'll put them in er big bag straight away, yeah.
With got a few, with got a few left?
I had to put one in the microwave.
Oh yeah.
Even if Henry's there, well he ca n't come in today, panic.
And moved in on Monday.
Oh you wo n't be able to come in any day with me next week will you?
Wo n't be able to come in with me any day I thought that was.
We know.

Well, with got to.
Once you got actually watching.
It's not too bad is it?
Oh one of the women in work said we had eh a bit of bad news, she's really, really nice, I get on ever so well with her.
And she works for erm and.
Her husband erm, had a stroke.
or something forty five.
Yeah.
And she is so liked.
But we, I thought I had n't seen her around you know, because we, because of what I do.
with the National Health, then I have a lot, more contact with her than with most other groups.
There always referring stuff to us, were always referring stuff to them, do you know what I mean?
You better not of scratched that door.
Ben It's raining.
Come on Ben, oh come here, come here, come on,.
No you're not going to go But she's a really nice person, I ruined her Christmas.
Well we do n't know any details yet, I think he's, he's off work.
Last week, some time.
Well he's in hospital.
Forty five it's no age is it?
Put a bit of kitchen roll on the table.
They look nicer do n't they, there thicker.
Might as well go in for a bit because.
Go and get your tea.
Yes.
Mm.
Take it with you.
, you wo n't want to hear you blow a thing.
No.
appointment.
Yeah, that's it, I mean, you, you've got to job,.

Yeah I mean she probably would be wise to mentioned it to her.
Cos if she saw you with it on.
doing, running her lecturers.
she might get what she's doing you know.
So it would probably be better to mention it to her, but say you'll be discreet, not record anything that.
dinner a be ready.
Was that nice Christine?
I'm wasting my life exercising tonight as well.
Even if I've got to do them when mum and dad gone home.
open the oven door and jump back.
back to front is it?
No I do n't think,.
Not now, later, later.
That's so funny, that chap's got a, he has got erm, an Indian accent with a Welsh accent on top, it's really.
Interesting Pauline at work, she's ever so hurt, could n't get over it, she came up to me the other day she said, hello, how long has it been we have n't seen one another for two months.
She was in it in India.
For.
three weeks, four weeks.
Er, no I was on holiday for a week.
Then while I was away she went on holiday straight after.
No it was our summer holiday, I went off for two weeks, when I came back Paula was off for a month.
Then, since then, with me being sick that time and what have you, she was in Cornwall the week her, the couple of weeks I was in.
visiting, so just have n't seen one another at all it was really annoying.

I ca n't imagine her getting.
She's got here tremendously fast cos she wo n't be staying that long.
Yeah.
I'm finished.
Oh, no she could go anytime, she says what, what will happen there'll inspectors are put on a register.
and I mean there are n't many, in our place with got about ooh, twenty or thirty in.
but there's only five principal inspectors, and she's got principal inspector grade.
now.
so, when she moves that'll be it we just wo n't see her any more.
Funny, ha, ha, ha.
There's two more inspector's I must admit.
He keeps there opinion about.

Very moody.
so if his going his way that's fine.
if not, look out.
So.
Yeah.

You'd be coming at it again.
Oh dear.
Mm, mm.
You know that balloon he gave, it landed in erm, pass field.
Show gran to see where it was.
Yes, more coming all the time.
Perhaps I missed it, it had about twelve people in it.
It's a huge balloon, absolutely huge.
Tony.

There going loopy.
Does it?
Oh.
Is it?
We see what it's like, and if it's not very good we'll watch something else.
Oh got to.
You.
Were n't impressed.
No.
You have a go your self?
Wow, what you doing then?
What is it?
Aha, yeah.
Well she was a dancer, but eh.
Yeah, strong.
Ya, straight on the floor.
and they dropped you yes.
But, just that you could n't keep up with them.

Was she.
Oh save him a bit of it.
Ah I've forgotten his chip, his looking all.
Yes, yes.
Oh.
Your licking your lips and you have n't got a chip have you?
Got one, say thank you..
Oh are n't they lovely?
The jugs yeah.
They were like bunches of oranges and lemons.
if you know what I mean.
Yeah.
God, she, she was brilliant.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No, cos you just remember the order that you went round the room in and.
Ah.

So you did quite well.
Yeah.
Yes.
Yeah.
I'm terrible for people's names.
I'm absolutely hopeless.
Places, I can tell you I know somewhere looking at them and I think where do I know you from.
Names ooh.
Yeah.
My watch is breaking up.
Yeah.
No, the case.
, fit this in already, so, you know the other side.
Where the strap goes into the case.
The other side, the.
See the bit lifting?
Well they yeah, they, they killed Jaws about.
Yeah, but they reckon that this is the same shark, he's killed twice now.
It was killed in the second one as well.
Yeah, I know, it was killed in the one where it got trapped in the.
And it was killed in the first one, that was two.
Oh, I do n't know how people can eat fish like that.
Yeah but not.
I have n't heard a word of this so far.
Not a single word.
It looks really weird seeing Christmas and it's hot and they can go swimming and.
I really do n't think I'd like that Christmas and it's cold toesie's.
Yeah, pretty odd thing.
Yeah.

When they were doing the first picture they had, I think it was.
And it.

And your be Guy.
horses.
It was a question of and it's a little.
Ah..
You'll have to to get one over.

The only way Tony.
You were looking a bit sorry for yourself when we came back cos he buys flowers and he gives, so he'll buy them the day before, I got the next day, there their making in all that.
It.
Oh look, aha, oh my god.
Yeah.

Come on Ben.
When was, what's the matter with you?.
Beryl.
Well that's his brother.
He's the brother.
the one who got killed, he's the police chief's son.
He's the brother.
And she's the police chief's wife.
And her mother.
So she's now lost her husband and one son and he's the other son.
to work the way he the other ones.

Yeah.
Christine, you've got a quarter of an hour and then you go out on the table, cos that dinner is going anywhere.
I think if Michael Caine's played a part of a toy- boy.
Well he's hardly a toy-boy.
About the same age ha, ha.
Well I did n't know that, I only asked.
No, a toy-boy is where you've got an old lady with a fif there's about a twenty year old bloke.
Boy, yeah.

Granddad is that a toy-boy or a.
Jack.
Give me five.
Michael.
Yeah, O R E somebody else is sure they knew.

No point no, we could take Ben out, but there wo n't be much point is there?
All you'll say is sit, stay, there's a good boy.
Yes.

Yeah it is Billy told me there would, that's what makes a.

What other day those Christmas cards, there a little bit disappointing you know.
There nice designs, but there not very big but some of them are really tiny.
But they are nice.
There handy work.
The little ones.
There pretty cards.
But some of them are really small.
Half conversations?

Mm, ok, yeah, thank you dad.
You can have it back actually.
No I do n't.
It was only erm to show Tony that, there.
Yeah.
Yeah I ask mum and dad to stay with us a few more, two thirds of a carrier bag full.
Got to keep tomorrow of er what time, I get you in that carrier.
You know we've decided to leave the car possibly.
You know what happen now, it's raining.
It does it every time.
It's so annoying to end up, never at a pub.
Cos you clean a little bit, you clean the outside and it's raining, cos you ca n't take the hoover out there and.
Clean the inside.
The outsides dirty.
So, er, she's getting ever so grubby looking now, I reckon very soon we'll gon na have to talk about getting some more er covers.
Er, Yuk.
When do you think we'll be able to.
Before February?
Only eh, I'd like to know over the Christmas period if any little habits surface.
came in late.
Mm, for a brand new Rolls Royce, it's not going very well is it?
Read this little name fifty fifty engine it just does n't get you along very good, does it?
Tony would you do the table?
Wipe the work top off and then that.

Reckon they ought to replace super glue with baked beans you know.
Yeah, milk and cornflakes.
cornflakes.
Never on the worktop.
No, I think it needs cutting, a lot more, going browner and more miserable.
I do n't know though it's difficult to tell, I mean that one that's lost a leaf but the rest of it looks alright.
That one.
Those light bulbs that seemed to go like mad are erm Tesco's own brand.
I just replaced one in the lamp in there and it was a Phillips one and I have n't bought any of those for ages, do you know what I mean.
So I think they've lasted alright.
It was.
Mm.
So I think I'll get them up at Asda, get the Phillips one's I think.
I do wonder whether they keep or whether, do you know?
I know, just that when your house needs a re-wiring got you worry I wished they never got rid off her new Christmas one, just think all the money we've spent on.
doing up this house so far.

Of borrowing money,, we've got kitchen done, bathroom, the doors and new windows, to re-wire everything.
all on home improvements.
Yeah.
Of course what happens, just before we buy our house it stops.
, yeah they take ninety per cent of the.
I mean you could have a whole new roof put on your house and it would cost about six thousand, seven thousand pounds and.
you pay six hundred.
I tell you what we'd have the best house round here if a I ca n't get over that lady over the road though and her husband.
They, they painted there house a year ago and they've done it again this year, you ca n't tell where it's stopped and where it's done, do you know what I mean.
It just did n't need doing.
The, you know,, yeah.

throwing the money away.
Yeah.
Take Fido for a walk.
Are you gon na take Fido for a walk? go for a walk.
Have you got a photograph like.
That's right, that's one Frankfurt and one, bet you.
You had the last year.
Well I ca n't understand it, it's at the other.
What's that?
Ah.
And what's your next.
You got twenty There you've got to.
I've got a pound coin, but I do n't think I've got any, I'll have a look ooh let's have a look, I think I've only got a pound coin.
Oh, that would be a help.
Have a look Right so if I give you one fifty, there you are.
I I'm not worried.
Your writing's good.
Yeah.
Oh.
Ok.
Yeah.
Mm.
Cheese or there's a little, there's a little it of beef.
Cheese please.
Yeah, she might as well.
What, are you sure?
Well that's two for you, two for dad, one for me and one for Christine, I do n't want.
You sure?
Cos I do n't mind cheese and Marmite if you have the beef.
that's ok then.
My love, will you do me a favour then, you do it all up, cos it wo n't keep you know.
It wo n't keep until after the weekend, but it'll be alright t today.

Yeah.
She's got have a clean out tomorrow so we'll be able to tidy up all again.
Until she decides to have another ripping I'll be glad next year when they go out in the garden again, do you know what I mean?

Yeah, crisps,, no, oh your horrible licked that, oh look at that?
Oh, yuk.
Your horrible, er yuk told you it's an extravagant.
You know how to do do n't you?
I just do n't know at the end.
Sorry.
have such a good time.
Sort of.
Got to find it first..

Were n't so many Ooh, where's my pickled of walnuts gone? where are my pickled walnuts, there in here somewhere.
No, I do n't think it's gon na be there.
Oh, I hate this cupboard.
. Oh Tony.
Wan na scream Oh,.
I think so.
Oh did leave them in there perhaps I've put them up on the shelf.
No, there they are.
. Perhaps when you loose your pickled walnuts.
Mum would you like a pickled walnut?
Oh no, she's not having anything.
Oh, I've when and got that great big jar of them for Christmas.
I know they cost a fortune, but oh.
Sorry.
Now what you do with this.
Two teaspoon.
Right.
I must sort this cupboard out because there's plenty of room in there.
Cheerio.
Bye, bye Christine.
Safe journey.
Take care.
No, I do n't want take it.
Is it raining?
No, it's not raining oh that's good then.
I, see you again then.
Yeah.
Come on get undressed..
Are you miss moody?
Oh I wondered where that pen had got to now where's my cardigan? put my cardigan on the floor.
Charming, mind if I watch.
Well if you would n't mind, I'll do the rabbit, guinea pig while you.
We'll do half each.
Erm, there is some more cabbage in the gerbils, can you take it out,.
What did they have last night?
Last box of spring greens went off horrible.
Yeah.
Sorry.
There are.
For I'm afraid my.
love there are, till it becomes automatic,.
it could take a little while.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, there's a lot to this driving business unfortunately.
So while your trying to do it, it, you.
Good.
No, it's erm it's sometimes.
It depends how they have to feel it.
Oh, can you.
Ah, you'll find some cupboard.

Greater a man have died for laughter.
Trying to get the peas back in the cupboard.
Oh could you hang on to that lot a minute.
Mind the carrots does n't drop in.
What you been doing stinker, look at the mess yeah, look at all this ooh.
Yeah, your not supposed to be coming out.
You little stinker.
Yes you are, your an old stinker, yes you are.
Oh, good girl.
There, ooh.


What you've been up to too?
Look.
Actually, I think this some more hay, there's hardly any in there.
I'll have that.

Thanks.
They eat the hay They've bitten all the apple.
Erm, please, and.
What time is it?
Drop of Sherry.
Glass.

That one start again.

everything.
Must be fun.
Cut all our naughty bits out.

I'm not, I must admit I do n't think about it now, so if wearing it puts you off.
You know what I mean, it's taking you.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You'll have to take it home.
Have you read it again and realised what you're supposed to do you'll have to take some spare tapes in and spend lunch times wo n't you?
You ca n't.
True,.
Because ok, yeah stuff remains anonymous.
but you're giving people how, how to defraud benefit.
Erm, so you've got to do that.
Yeah, but then, if it's obscure that nobody apart from someone working in the office that'll understand it, does it matter?
If they knew how.
Mm, yeah, but be honest for what you're using, for what you've said, would they pick up that, with not having.
a computer in front of them and being able to look at it and do what you're saying?
Do you know what I mean?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah it's like ours we've got passwords.
We've got our own personal one too, our.
Is it?
Oh.
Oh I see that, that's how you remember, oh the other day I went to look at Asda you know, put my card in the machine and my mind just went totally blank, do you think I could remember the dam number.
I stood there, in the end I keyed in a number which was one digit wrong.
and I thought, it came out erm, incorrect pin number, please remove your card, I thought at least I'm getting it back you know so I whipped it out, I said to mum, I'm gon na have to pay for this with a cheque, I said, I ca n't get the cash out, and she, she said why, and I said I, I forgotten my number, I was getting in quite a panic cos I knew I did n't have it written down anywhere at home.
Yeah, I remembered it while I was walking round the shop, cos the more I yeah, the more I thought about it the worse I got when I stood by the machine.
So I took my card and went in I thought well I'll pay for this by, by cheque.
Erm, but I wanted some cash, so what I did in the end was walked round Asda remembered it, or thought I remembered it, came back out put the erm card back in and the terminal came up erm it's ok.
Yeah the terminal came up erm, due to an error were unable to complete your transaction, so I thought oh great, so I ca n't have my money in any place.
then I felt a real twit, cos a man came up and I said I think something's gone wrong with the auto bank machine, says I, it wo n't give me any money because it's, it's coming up there's an error, so he said well I'll try and see, he says, he put in exactly the same card as me, he had the Midland card, put it in, got his money.
so I thought, right, I'm not going to be beaten, so I got, went back in again, put the card back in, gave me my money that time.
But, it, it was n't saying I'd made, made an error.
it was saying due to an error.
Yeah.
But I felt such a twit, cos I said to this man I, I do n't know about you, but I ca n't get my money.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But that was not a good day.
Oh, no I put a six where a five should be, in my pin number, that's all I did, but I just, I just stood there and my mind just completely went blank, I could n't remember it at all.
And I'd already pushed the card in.
so I had to key in something.
mm.
Yeah,.
Do you want to make.

Yeah,.
Ooh.
No, unemployed dirty old thing, living in a caravan, with a big dog Sorry.
yeah.
Oh yeah,, big, hairy, stroppy, dirty thing whatever you like.
Go on does n't it make you sort of bias when you actually work for the system?
And you see the nice people coming in and not getting really.
what's due to them, see somebody coming in threaten to punch somebodies lights out and they get all the.
you know?
Yeah, but the do n't, and unfortunately it's the nice people that suffer.
So what are, yeah but, if to get that level of service you've got to threaten somebody.
no, but you do have to.
No, but you do, in the, in the end.
Mm.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's right, well that's the way it should be.
but you're in the mi minority in, in actually.
doing that and saying that, and that's wrong.
But,.
yeah.
That's right, I mean the thing is you train people to do it properly.
they then go back to their office and unfortunately a lot of what other people in the office are doing are taught.
and that I think really have more of an influence, cos they're not going to change themselves into an individual.
by doing something different to everyone else.
No.
But I think that's the only thing were, if I worked in a benefit office I would n't get on very well, because if I saw something I'd try and move heaven and earth to make everything to go right for me.
Yeah, but in the beginning I'd get criticized for not being quick enough in my,.
because I'd chase people round to find, till I found out what I wanted to know.
Do you know what I mean.
Yeah.
Mm.
Yeah, that unfortunately the majority of people say you'll get money in a couple of days, then the person would start to argue, because they need their money now to go and buy their shopping.
Yeah.
Me, I, I know.
Mm, and they're always going to say yes are n't they, unless they're a reasonable human being and has got a bit of money they can use.
But I must admit, I, I am a bit snobbish in it, I would move heaven and earth to help someone who looked clean and nice and had good manners.
If it was someone coming in with a nasty attitude really filthy, scruffy, dirty, no fixed address because they lived in er er, an old wagon some where.
I think I'd be less inclined.
but having said that, I'd still give them.
Yeah, yes please.
Oh yeah, I, I'd give them the same options but.
with someone who's nice, put it that way, I'd almost definitely try, I'd get the, say that they could have the giro today.
Straight away.
With someone who's not I'd try and get them to wait for a couple of days and then if they would n't I'd go through the and get them it today.
Do, do you see the difference?
It would n't be, I would n't say oh no you ca n't have it, but I'd say well you'll receive it in a couple of days time and if they said oh well that's not good enough, then fair enough, you, you know.
But somebody who's nice I'd think no, why.
should they have to wait because but the, I, these people they are, they've opted out of society, they want nothing to do.
with society apart from the giro cheque on paper.
they want.
no, no it's, it's the people that think the world owes them a living, but they do n't want to give anything back and that really bugs me.
You know what I mean?
Who.
Mm, no, by no fixed abode I did n't mean, I did say the.
It's the people that get.
No, it, no it's the one's that have opted out and they do n't try to get work and they do n't want work.
those are the ones that I'd be, cos it's obvious, I mean, they've done no work in the past sort of twelve months.
or nearly twelve months, and they're not trying because whatever people say, they do, the works there.
You've only got to go to the Job Centre and see all the jobs.
I mean.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's not bad.
Yeah.
Alright, I'll try and sort something out tomorrow.
Ok, only I have n't got time today, if we can do the that today look, might as well get done really.
Mm.
Yeah, but then they've got to adjust their life style.
Oh no,.
yeah.
Mm.
Mm.
But, then, as I say, if you've got a fam if you, if you can get a job and you, you, it's their just life style adjusting.
Mm.
Mm.
Well that's what I was gon na say, if the system works properly there's no way.
Mm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, so, so what happens then if they say I'm not even going to that interview then because I could n't live on it, even with all the other benefits, what happens then?
See this is it, they get punished then, do n't they, for not for not trying.
Mm.
Because of the pay.
Oh.
Mm.
Yeah, but I mean, be honest, you, you say that, but people have got to be prepared to adjust as well.
Because you say someone with a large family and they need a lot of money, you see someone with a large family.
Child Benefit or something like that.
and they're not given a large amount of money.
and there's somebody else saying oh I need five hundred pounds a month more than that, to live and you think well, hang on.
You, know, if, if these two people with the same number of kids can live for this.
why should this person need five hundred pound a month more.
Oh yeah, cos I mean I know they pay mortgage for you, well not mortgage, but interest on your mortgage.
So you've certainly got to erm start paying the mortgage again.
Provided, if your pay is that low.
Well you do.
Depending on your circumstances.
That's what I'm saying you'll still get people who, they do n't qualify for any of these benefits.
because of what they're earning.
and they're still saying they're not getting enough.
those are the people who need to adjust what, how they're living and they do n't.
They've got a big car, they've got a big house.
you know, say to them buy a smaller house and Phrr, you know you'd never.
never hear the end of it.
I mean it was like Deborah and Dave, can you remember?
Do you remember Deborah and Dave?,.
yeah, but I mean they just desperately wanted to get away from Bristol.
because of what happened with the accident.
what have you, and they moved from that really nice house.
that they had.
and that was Deborah's mother's house, that was where Deborah was brought up and where I used to go and play with her when we were little.
and of course her mum moved to Cornwall and Deborah bought the house of off her, a bit cheaper than they would have bought on the they moved down to Cornwall and they bought a much smaller house, much, much smaller.
I mean she had three or four children.
so she's still needed, I think she bought a three bedroomed house which meant she had two girls two girls and a boy, she had three children.
No two boys and a girl, so it meant that two boys have to share a bedroom which they were n't doing in that other house and David's been unemployed well.
I say, they did just that, they sold up, moved down to Cornwall where her mum lives and bought a much smaller place.
Yeah.
, yeah are we?
No, because of the type of job.
I do n't know, but it's, I do n't know I, it's a very difficult sort of situation where you get, there are so many things to look into, and it's not being done well enough.
basically.
Mm, it is, but it's still not being done well as.
Mm.
Mm.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, they, they're very good.
Yeah.
Yeah, but I, I think the reason I feel a bit bitter about it is living round here, you see all the dirties and the scruffies, you get annoyed, absolute no order, they've crawled into the system right up to and doing openly in front of you.
and you think well to hell with it, they should be, come down on hard.
You, you know, you.
just see them all getting away with it and they makes me thing something ought to be done, which has the people that lose out or the people who go in there very politely, fill out their claim.
suffered at home and because of all the dirties and scruffies making a fuss they do n't get attended to properly.
and that's what makes me evil, that's why I say I'd moved heaven and earth for someone who's nice.
and for someone who's not.
Because you know dam well that those people, the ones that are not and are making the fuss are probably the ones that lead, need the money least.
Cos er, somebody I can think off with a, not a million miles from here is working and claiming.
I know that I mean he's actually thick enough to go up there and sign on in his overalls.
Then he says, oh he's working on cars for the family, ha, ha, ha, ha.
You know, and you, you know dam well he's, he's defrauded the system.
When, and he'll be the one going up there shouting.
Somebody like Hilary.
that needs all the help she can get goes up there and.
gets little You know it just does n't seem right at all.
Yeah.
Mm.
Yeah, perhaps it's just that I know some of the loonies that go up there and get what they want every time.

Yeah.
Yeah.
Mm, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, big red L written on their claim.
, I know, ha, ha, I can sue you, you take care.
Oh yeah.
So when you say to them sorry you do n't get any money because they're not entitled to it what happens then?
Yeah.
You see the it's gon na happen eventually with all these people, there's gon na come a time where's something gon na happen that they're not gon na like.
you know,.
erm, as long as, cos they can only claim benefit for a certain length of time ca n't they?, then it switches from unemployment to Social Security.
Yeah, yeah.
It is, is it?
Oh, I did n't think it was.
Oh.
Well, you said what good is that, it's more than mum and dad's er pension it's more than dad's pension.
and he's claimed.
Well, it works out.
No.
Yeah.
Yeah, but it's not a lot more.
Mm, yeah.
Mm.
They ought to be a lot more that's the thing.
He ca n't.
Yeah, cos he's got a private pension of one hundred pounds a month as well.
Cos they get hardly any rent rebate now, hardly any oh, but, well, Poll Tax, they pay nineteen pounds each.
which is practically the same as were paying.
Yeah,, they get no relief there, no relief any where else.
I mean, I be honest I do n't know how they do it, because I do know what they've got coming in.
I mean they've got their old age pension and dad's private pension and that's it.
Erm, I do n't know how they live, yet they always seemed to have enough money you know.
About one pound odd a week.
Rene said they're twenty four pound a week.
They get practically no help at all and yet mum still manages to sort of save a bit.
and I think well where are they going short, because they must be.
Yeah.
Yeah, but then we've got three hundred pound mortgage, which they have n't got, I mean we've got different circumstances.
Oh yeah, when, when we retire.

What going down to E .O.
Yeah.
Would you want to?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah,.
that's if I was still working.
Yeah, yeah.
Mm.
Yeah, I h, I honestly think though that when erm I do n't know, you see, cos I, I's been saying oh when I get a chance I'll get a transfer out of my office.
because of they way it's run.
but they way it is at the moment, with me able to use the car for work.
and things, you think is it worth it because the car would be sat out here, if, if say, say I transferred and still did three days but did it when you work.
in the building you work in.
I would n't be able to use my car.
so, I'd have to pay bus fare.
so I'd be paying, we'd be paying for our petrol which would n't be a lot different to what it is now really.
a bit, two or three pounds a week perhaps.
and I'd be paying a lot more in bus fare.
plus you have n't got the convenience of being able to go and get in your car.
No, you know, if I could work somewhere in an office where I could use my car.
then that would be great.
but you'd want to be able to know that you can I do n't know, I mean, I, I think, with, with the place I am now I just do n't know what to make of it really.
What do you mean love, we've always been left alone to get.
on with the job.
Huh, there'll always be.
Yeah.
Yeah, well this is it, I think.
You, you say it's very fraught in Benefit at times, I do n't think you appreciate what I do,.
no, when you get someone's relative phoning up because they've just been crushed under a lump of machinery, that's is very fraught.
Having to deal with that person.
why are n't you prosecuting the company because my son has just been killed.
and who has to deal with it, da da.
Not, you know, the inspector's are out, where you ca n't reached them on the phone.
Oh no, no it happens.
Quite a bit.
Mm.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, but, the thing is with that it's very different because,, it's not your fault.
erm they're not coming to you and saying, my wife has been killed why are n't you doing anything about it,.
they're coming to you and saying my wife has been killed please can you help me which is.
is different.
They're coming to you asking for help.
whereas they're coming to us and blaming you.
you know.
For doing nothing, which is.
you know, if the help and safety executive had done this, this and insured that this was right and that was right.
this would n't have happened.
You know, that's a bit different to my wife has died please can you help me.
sort things out.
Yeah.
Yeah, but mine they're lying instead.

Yes, that means.
my kids have n't had any food all weekend that I've paid for because you did n't send me my giro, they've had their meals because they've been round there at grandma's, but I'm not telling you that, yeah, you know.
Yeah, quite.
Yeah, I mean.
I mean we get it as well, it's not, you so sort of say oh my jobs a cosy little job, but it's not that cosy believe me, you get put in some very awkward situations.
No.
Mm.
Well we do n't get any.
From the management we get positive hinderance not support.
I mean, my immediate management,, now in, in a crisis she's brilliant, you see, I, I do n't know whether this with this the other day, whether she did n't go to see Paul to see what I'd say.
because I'd said this, and I do n't know whether she was sussing me out.
a bit as well, cos I've, I've said that, he's said something to me and,.
and I do n't know whether she took me down to see him to see if I'd backed down.
and I did n't, because he said it.
And I think she was.
quite pleased with me cos she said, do n't get irate, do n't get upset, and I did n't.
I talked him down at one point.
cos he kept doing it to me so I did it to him.
He would n't let me say something and I tried about three times and in the end I just kept talking,.
it was a case of you stop, let.
But I do n't know anybody in there who has n't had a really good shout at him at some point, and that's all, that's including A O's.
you know, and when Ah.
Yeah, they are, Julie will.
and Joyce definitely will.
Yeah.
They have now.
I mean they've got a job to keep people.
Since I've been there, they've had.
I think A .O's, they, they, the A O's tend to stay.
yeah.
But the A O's do n't, they've had one, two they've had one new A A to date.
in the twelve month's I've been there, just one, and we've had three leave.
You know.
I, I do n't know it cos he, he sort of says all this, that we, were very good to people you know, great flexibility and all this.
oh yes, you get a hospital appointment then you have the time off it, that's it, they'll.
move heaven and earth, you know.
so what.
quite.
If you have a pre he's actually said to me if you have a problem I will listen and I will help you, so there's me going to him and saying look due to a misunderstanding I have a problem and this one saying tough.
you know but it was n't any misunderstanding either, he said something.
and now the chips are down and I'm calling on him to do what he said, he's not prepared to.
that's what it boils down to, there's no misunderstanding it's him.
Him, he, he wanted someone to work there desperately.
I was there, I was prepared to do it.
and he wanted me.
so he offered me the moon to get me.
having got me.
yeah, and he's not going to.
So.
Well no,.
no.
Yeah, that's right, what, no, he's not saying erm, he's not prepared to negotiate any more.
he's saying he did n't say it in the first place.
He's also saying, but now I have a more responsible job, therefore I have to be in time, five minutes after him, not good enough.
You know and, as I say with my partner I have n't mentioned it yet, this business about cover.
but it annoys me that, why, you see, I'm, I'm asking for cover for technical half an hour in the morning.
Possibly fifty five minutes.
Somebody has to cover our group from half past three till five.
during the week.
No, when your partner.
goes home early.
Yes, luckily he's gon na look at all my flexi.
The one that's been really bad, is the one that I'm still doing, they ca n't see that.
I looked at the other day and I was thinking oh god, I want to go to sleep a couple of days last, you know.
five minutes, ten minutes, and I was thinking erm, the car broke down.
well that's all the sheet I'm doing now.
so he wo n't see that one.
Keen she is.

Oh, was it late?
Oh where is it, this side or the other side?
The passenger, yeah, grandma.
Just getting used to this damn er choke again.
No.
They'll service it,.
such a pain, it really is.
I seemed to do anything to the car, mind with the water pump I think they check, they have to er adjust the timing.
When they er put the new pump in, but it is such a nuisance.
You've got to push the choke in now as far as it'll go.
The only thing is then you'll run, when you stop and take your foot off the accelerator you risk stopping.
you'll have to give it as little as it you know.
It seems to be much more sensitive to too much choke.
Yeah.
Yeah, erm.
So you could, explain sort of why.
See you later.
Be a good girl.
Okay?
You say we were on our way out any way.
Oh the rest, how many has she got there?
going back.
God.
Oh my, must admit, gets a bit much of it you know.
But then I suppose.
Oh I wish we could get all that grass cut, oh.
No.
We've had a real sort of little later you know.
It'll be ideal to do it, but you, actually say you just ca n't do it all.
I suppose being realistic we could clean the car out in the evening because you only got to have the door open you've got the interior light on.
you know.
Yeah, but then we'll do that in the car wash then.
see it's busy on a Sunday.
I wonder actually if their car wash is open.
Yes, the garage is.
Get the wax one as well, that'll give some protection as well.
Erm, what do you think?
Which is.
What do you think?
Wax, yeah.
You have n't got the dry on it as well?
It'll give it some form of protection which we have n't got round to doing the erm oh.
yeah.
I mean it says it lasts up to two years, we've only had it on there a year.
it's just over a year, so that's.
It all helps if you start the engine.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We'll still have to do all round the doors, round the you know.
Not a bumper, all over, number plate, on the front.
The number plate's only hanging on by one screw.
Every time I come up here I think is the alright, that one.
It was broken when we bought the car.
It's done well to stay on two and a half years really.
I'm interested to see what it's gon na do for a hot wax if you see what I mean?
Or at least, wow.
I've got a little pool down here.
down there, on the inside, yes.
Well it is a bit excessive is n't it?
It's not erm well where was the hot wax? we just had an ordinary wash go and ask her, say you asked for how much did you pay?
Well it's, we've just had an ordinary wash have n't we?
I do n't exactly feel as if we'd had our monies worth there.
Oh no, it does feel.
It, it's, no, no.
Yeah, there's something, it feels erm.
Sorry.
What than the erm.
Yeah, it's had something, look it would n't of.
Yes, it's had something, look at the paint work.
It was probably erm the shampoo and what have you it's in.
together I'm sorry.
Jumping off the clutch there.
Going a bit quickly.
That police car.
Was n't screaming, just that it's, the eh, getting there.
Do n't you start.
I know how easy it is to do that, coming up there.
Thanks for a paying to have it washed like that, cos it.
saves an awful lot of time with us.
I want to check the tyres and that as well.
Cos we have n't had for any actual air in it for ages.
I'm sure they must need er a little bit.
And we've got plenty of time now to erm do the hoovering and what have you.
Why?
Oh no.
Well, having said that.
he did?
When did it go?
Oh.
Phew we.
Did the examiner check your break lights and indicator's though.
No,.

Yeah.
What did he say?
I would n't bother with that if I were you, we're gon na be hoovering it and cleaning it are n't we.
Yep.
I'm gon na be ashamed of driving it again now, I was getting to a point where I was thinking oh my god, Christine came out in black all along here she said, er what's that?
I said dirt.
Yes I think so.
I never leave it unlocked.
Right then we want the hoover, we've got a patch of to do.
About that big, it's not a small patch.
You know where the door frame goes round and the door fits into it?
Somebody's obviously tipped the edge.
and it's gone un-noticed so far.
Of course after Christmas some time we've got to find erm the money for the rust round the.
window.
And that must be checked.
Because otherwise were gon na be erm dead trouble.
Hello Ben, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, oh eh.
Erm, right.
You have n't got it tucked in.
Do you want a cup of tea?
And a bowl.
And.
I would n't.
Keep them.
Well,.
Oh, that was, we opened those last night.
Oh those are a bit hard.

You've got a big choice have n't you?
Or Tuna.
Cheese.
No, I'll have some cheese and Marmite.
These cheese slices are quite good actually are n't they?
There we are.
Have we got any.
Erm, I, well, that was the general idea.
But I do n't know really what's happening, if she had n't had anything she'll have something when she comes back.
Remind the over there.
If her mum's got five hundred there, I do n't know whether she'll want them or.
stay for tea.
Yeah I was a bit annoyed with my Oh crikey.
See, they have n't actually send me a statement, that's see what I mean.
That's why I have to keep an eye on it cos that blind and that, but it wo n't come yet, it would n't have been on that, that was priced it.
Yeah.
Yes, sod that.
I might send away for that last one.
It's quite nice, it's sort of got.
pleats,.
. I think it's too late to order today but I'll have look through those leaflets.

Oh they do have some rubbish.
Oh.
We all.
Yes please.
Lot's of marmite.
Do n't spread it like putty you know, but, quite a lot I like to be able to taste it where Christine just likes the flavour if you know what I mean.
Why?
Yeah.
He's thinking they're gon na go and leave me again.
Tell Tony's gon na leave but actually has a go at me as well.
a couple of times we went up there with er jogging.
He did nothing but sniff and sniff and sniff when we came back.
Now he's got to get used to another dog.
Do you know what I mean?
He thinks oh not again.
What crisps would you like?
There is a packet of cheese one's.
or skips or disco's?
Do you mind?
Seriously.
, tough, you had the last cheese packet.
My turn.
Actually I should leave that stuff.
I must admit I wo n't be terrible sorry if you do n't see this it is a bit naff.
looks so matted and knotted up, you ca n't ever imagine him being.
able to be.
Yes.
Why cos I went wow?
Have you got your door keys?
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Great difficulty. ,.
I.
Sorry?
Yes.
What?
Did n't they get the passport Christine's not here.
I have n't got the aerial up after all that I.
I was trying to get the key out the aerial and it would n't come out.
Funny.
It made my one minute I thought help!
Sorry.
What you doing?
You ca n't see surely.

Oh come on till we get past it and turn around.
Are there head lights coming round there or not?
Yeah I know.
Do n't.
I hate this junction.
Absolutely him.
Yeah.
And it's blind cause of all the bushes the other side.
And you're always on the wrong side of the road which does n't help Well he did n't expect that.
Did you see?
Goodness what a funny trailer.
God the steering's a bit better.
Now that er.
Firmed up the tyres a little bit.
Oh!
It always feels very well not very slightly different to driver when you pump the tyres up.
When they needed it you know?
Cause the front tyres tend to go down more because they're carrying more weight.
They've got the engine.
Well it's front wheel drive car so.
Yeah but some get in front of him Thank you.
Oh wow!
Oh.
Great!
How many were there?
There was Charmaine.
Oh no Becky?
Oh! was it good?
Oh wow!
Oh no!
This steering is much lighter.
Yeah I'll tell you what it is.
You know a lot of these big cars with really wide wheels.
They've got some of them have got power assisted steering.
And if just blowing up the tyres means you have a tiny bit more thre er tread on the road and it is a tiny bit.
Then if it makes this much difference.
You know what I mean?
I can see why with big wide wheels some cars.
Yeah.
Well no because it's still responds to you you know?
forty mile an hour zone.
No he's got lights but they're er.
Flickering.
That's supposed to be like that?
That's good actually because I saw that from a long way off and I thought what is it?
I thought it was a they are good.
Yep.
Very much so.
Noticeable no.
Yeah.
Well if it was dark and she could n't see you she might have put her arm out and hit you it does n't what it feels like is n't always what it is if you see what I mean.
Well it might have been her elbow Christine you must n't be.
All you could feel was that it was something bony.
Now be fair.
All right.
How are you?
That's good then all right?
Oh it's you causing a again is there?
Everybody all right?
Is it going all right?
Yeah what I was going to say to you the only thing is will you put a plug up.
There's not a plug on up.
I do n't know how to put a plug up.
All right then.
Stars?
Has she?
I have them up the front bedroom window.
Even Phil's going to be.
Oh dear.
Ours is prettier is n't it?
I've got to do.
They are doing a play.
Father Christmas on a step and a bleeding.
What?
No.
Oh no.
Yeah.
Oh yeah all that time.
Definitely.
You're not putting anything.
We do n't put up a lot of decorations around the place.
I like a really nice simple.
And we've got we got we've got.
No and we had to have what was it?
We have n't got a hundred and twenty and a hundred thirty and last year one of the sets which we've had since we got married we could n't them to go no matter what we tried.
Do you.
Yeah.
What?
Whitemore.
We'll find it.
Just a minute I ca n't visualise once you get to the swimming baths.
It'll be great Tone.
We can just zip round and pick your stuff up.
And come out on the end of.
Poach eggs?
Oh I know.
It would be worth going and.
I'll find my way over there and perhaps you can come out.
Because we'll have to get you an alarm clock wo n't we.
But that's the point.
All right my darling.
Oh God!
What?
Oh you did n't?
Oh God!
You'll have a good one there.
I did n't notice that the microphone.
Good God.
Like like a survey down have you?
Ooh what was that?
Oh dear.
Oh no!
Chow!
I tell you what as well with directions to that place on there as well.
Ya.
My God!
Yeah.
Oh that's brilliant.
Yeah.
And that's what they want.
They want dialects and accents as well as and if you tell somebody you know it immediately stops them.
Or unless they ask.
It sounds ever so good though.
Surprising though cause normally a place like that can need a car.
The thing is I suppose they rely on word of mouth.
That's right.
Yeah.
Oh.
Oh they're beautiful.
It's odd though you get used to them.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh.
Yeah.
Very timid.
Oh he'll come out.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh I reckon they lovely.
I really do whippets.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Picking them up and you get they put one paw on the settee like and I said no Windy and he went.
I'll tell you what if he's six months old you'll have to watch him chewing as well.
Because he'll be losing teeth.
And he'll chew.
I only caught Ben chewing once.
Ben was eight months old when we had him.
He was a bit older.
And I thought he's quiet and it was about a week after we had no twice.
And once we had it was before we had all our carpet done in the hall.
we had a rug at the top of the stairs.
And he was chewing the corner of this rug and it was all soggy and horrible.
And another time he went quiet and he was in the front room and when I went in he was chewing the leg of the settee.
And that's wood.
And there's still the teeth marks on it now,.
We ca n't get rid of them.
Oh yeah.
Laugh.
Oh yeah that was lovely.
Yeah.
I I thought I probably put.
When you were looking at the door.
No.
Yeah.
Oh no!
It's all new.
Anything you say menace here.
Cause in the summer when the traffic lights are changing the trees are growing over the ones this side.
And all you can see is the red at the top on the other side cause the walls in the way.
So if it's green it just looks as if nothing's there which is a bit of a nuisance.
Tony you know you're prepping Monday and Tuesday.
Sorry?
Yeah no I'm talking about is it the week after your prepping?
Do you need the Monday?
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well that's fine but you'll have to.
Well you'll have to.
I mean Just the same do n't walk on your own.
Twenty five days.
Then you do n't stay.
in the dark.
It looks like some people going into the park lately.
Look at this!
Good grief!
Oh dear.
Saw a brilliant light for a cycl.
Love dog.
The other night though we walked round and we walked bang into the entrance to the field.
You know walked right the way down and you could n't see.
He's he's gone.
Oh he's beautiful!
So you'll be all right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh he's lovely dog!
And his tail will just hang then down between his you know.
Oh lovely thank you very much.
Full one.
Did n't.
Oh maybe he's got the speed to manage it.
He's not very er.
sort of explosive.
They go.
Oh he can Oh this is this is micro chip wonder.
Tony this is bar code.
Oh it makes you sound like they're groceries does n't it?
I think.
Oh.
Is that the first part was on last week?
And this is the second part.
This is second the second part of this mystery.
It's a two part mystery and it was on last week and it's on this week.
They poisoned the mushroom soup.
The mushroom soup.
Do ya?
Yeah but all of them ate it and he was still he was the only one that died.
We have n't done it yet.
Because he's never off the lead.
But you still think well.
You never can tell.
Yeah he did n't go out.
Yeah.
You can take it back.
Oh.
If you find it too difficult to manage or.
You've been lovely.
Oh!
And a Rover.
There's something here about bed.
It says here do n't put it likely to be very insecure and may misinterpret what reaction.
It says your umbrella.
You ca n't get unless you've got a broom in your hand or a brush.
It's not as bad now as it used to be.
He walked he wo n't walk past you wo n't walk past you he'll walk back.
Oh it's not that there is n't it?
There you've got a new friend now.
Is n't that nice?
All new friends.
Mind you he'll change a lot.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We found that with Ben and he changed Ben changed when when he actually matured.
Because the postman milkman he did n't take any notice until he matured.
Then all of a sudden.
You know and.
Yeah.
They tend to like.
Yeah definitely.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He wo n't get much bigger though from what I Wendy's dog he's nearly there.
I did n't expect him to be quite that big but he.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh year.
Oh no.
It says in here six weeks.
No.
Yeah.
He said you were n't to let a new dog off the lead until he had for six weeks.
Yeah.
He does n't know where he lives.
Oh yeah.
It's not that far is it?
Yeah yeah.
And he's so lovely.
I mean he do n't although Fred is totally different breeding it's Fred's his eyes.
Only Ben's stand right up.
But flop down.
Well not like that.
If Ben was led like that he'd they'd be up straight.
He's very long in the body for a.
small dog.
He's got quite a long body which is what.
to answer me back.
Yeah.
Oh yeah?
Oh yeah.
Shouting match.
All this the first one on on that bit?
Oh.
It's bad I know I.
It might be because I keep looking at mine and.
Of course ours will be high up.
so you ca n't push anything in the back.
Yeah so overdue for getting up there and sorting.
So.
But once I decide that's settled I'd notice it cause you could n't seem to get down.
All the others you did n't see cause they're down at the bottom so when this lot.
So that particular one seems to be late tonight.
And it's as if it was n't floating on the surface and it was doing all the things that fishes do but it was.
What is it?
They called it dropsy.
This one they say.
And they say it's very rare.
But they say the fish gets that's one one of the symptoms it gets very bloated out.
They say if it gets it take the fish out and destroy it but it's knowing it.
That's right the fish wo n't you?
Gosh!
He's got a coat just like Ben's has n't he?
Yeah.
which got a lot more space.
Three drawers down one side and it's got it.
And there's a support the other side is a book shelf.
Yeah.
It's like you know at the moment.
On the bookshelf of the side.
You might be able to decide which side you want it on then Christine.
Because if you're right handed.
I do n't know.
It's erm.
So we I think we might go with might n't we?
She's more or less she's er.
Yes.
She's going get Aunty Iris '.
And if there's any over she might be able to get some other bits for it.
She's got a desk tidy.
What might be an idea is to get her some good blotters.
Not ones with blotting paper.
Yeah it's like er a very a layer of plastic with a very thin layer of sort of felt underneath.
So when you write it's soft.
It's was like you were writing on a writing pad.
Because you do n't feel right on wooden table it's quite hard is n't it?
Well it makes it it's a nice soft surface for you to write on.
This After having a think.
I reckon most of your books will go in that bookcase.
Which would mean you could you could have your work.
That's right.
You could put all sorts of little things in there.
But let's wait and see cause I'll take you out and we'll have a look.
Perhaps next weekend.
I must admit they're lovely to cuddle because they do curl up into a ball.
They love cuddling.
Let's wait and see.
If there is n't any chance you could get a.
You've got to have it when there's least disturbance.
Yeah.
Well we will be.
It's a bit late.
This is it.
If we going out.
Well the thing is.
The thing is.
Oh hell no!
Of course I've got my leave.
Daddy'll we'll have to do it.
Look we've got to sort your bedroom out first.
First job.
You'll have to get it first.
Well how do you feel either tomorrow night?
No perhaps not tomorrow night.
Tuesday night about seeing if we can do a bit more sorting out in her bedroom.
Cause if we leave it all till the weekend we do n't do it.
You know what it's like?
Specially now Brian's got your driving lessons instead of the middle of the day?
Erm I do n't know.
Yeah but you see the thing is that if I come and meet you by the time you no point.
We do n't get home till ten to six.
So that if we have to go to Brislington we wo n't get there until ten to six.
You know what it was like when we went to Tescos.
Be fair after work.
Oh yes it's open till eight.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'll phone them up then and see.
What?
Or easier still I'll tell you what.
I'm going into Tesco tomorrow.
If I get back.
God knows where M F I is in If I get him to drive me round now I'll remember which way to go.
It's not very far off the beaten track.
I'll have a look round.
And then we'll have to see if we can sort out something else.
Because we'll find it.
On the weekend we've got so much.
We do n't get a chance.
What we're trying to get the washing and ironing up together and the house work and everything is well you just do n't get time to do it.
Yeah we did.
Well let me go over and have a look at it and see what they've got.
They may have more than one.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Super Fred.
His little legs will going so fast you wo n't see them.
Hello Tony.
How are you?
How's it going?
Yeah.
Oh.
Let's pretend then is it?
So like the space you did?
So you've got some.
You got eight?
Mm.
Really?
Mm.
No, none at all.
Mm.
How did you find out about that?
Mhm.
Mm.
Mm.
Oh.
Yeah.
Oh, brilliant.
Mm.
Yeah.
Mm.
Great.
Mm.
Mm.
Mhm.
Mm.
Mm.
they'll think their offices have been bugged.
Oh it's good.
Yeah.
Yes.
She fell about at one point.
When I said thank you for that.
Yes up to about four months ago.
So they use trainer speech.
Yeah.
So I'm having to watch that.
Oh great.
this morning.
knocked at the door at ten past eight.
And he kept persisting because he saw a light on.
You know?
So I did n't know what.
through the door again the bugger.
Our dad had a you know?
Oh I have n't got much to do now then.
That's one skirt, two sweatshirts.
And your jeans and that.
I've nearly done, about another quarter of an hour or so.
Okay?
Okay.
Good.
Are they a reasonably nice group?
They're not, you have n't got any troublemakers?
A bit odd!
What do you mean a bit odd?
Weird?
Define odd.
Oh one of those.
Yeah.
Oh well I'm sure you can knock her into shape.
Find it a bit easier now you've done three as well?
Yeah.
Yeah.
. Must turn that radio off.
It's driving me nuts actually.
You can have too much of a good thing.
Yeah.
I've been listening to it for a while.
Yeah.
Well that's their tough luck.
It's their mistake.
So.
I'm not that brokenhearted and I'm, no I'm annoyed.
Does the standing order form say what day of the month it's to be taken out on?
Do you have to fill that in?
On the such and such day of the month innit?
No I'm fed up with them.
This is twice now they've done this to us.
You know.
They.
Only I've got a horrible feeling if it's.
not done by now.
It wo n't be right this month either, but if that's the case.
we can write an extra cheque.
You know?
But I'd rather if you did n't mind that you did go in and sort it out cos she said well put a cheque in the envelope with the standing order form but I mean.
That's just they've already putting it frankly cocked it up once.
Another opportunity for them to do it again.
What cheque!
There was n't a ch, just a standing order form, that's all we got.
You know?
Cheque number blah blah blah written on.
It does n't make any difference, it's just you know hassle.
This skirt is horrible.
I was keeping it for cleaning the car.
And I'm having to resort to.
some paint splashes.
I'm looking forward to our tour round the chocolate factory next Wednesday.
Be interesting.
Yeah.
Erm.
We'll go out and see Auntie Bettie before then.
So.
Oh great.
The only fly in the ointment is if it starts at seven, it's going to be a bit of a rush.
Cos you do n't usually get home until ten to six.
And after all the fuss that's been going on in work I do n't really like to ask to go early.
If you see what I mean.
But.
Oh that's nice.
Helen, yes yes.
Oh that's good.
So you look at one.
When they sit together you've got problems.
Er.
Hello.
Pardon?
Take everything out the pockets and then.
do the buttons and the zip up.
Will you?
See what I mean about that skirt?
It's horrible.
Is that beer alright that I bought for you?
Yeah I I had a vague recollection of you drinking Newcastle Brown sometime and quite liking it.
And I know you quite liked this did n't you?
So.
Well.
Well it says strong lager, that's why I bought it.
Stop saying yeah in that tone of voice.
I found in the bottom can I talk to you while you're doing that or?
I found in the bottom of the freezer some pork that I did n't know we had.
Pork loin steak and.
two packets of chicken breasts that I did n't know we had.
So in having a clear out I.
It was quite good today.
But I've thrown a few things out, as well.
That were in the freezer and they'd obviously been in there for a bit too long.
So a couple of bits have gone.
Oh that was a disappointment, there's another sweatshirt lurking under there that I did n't see.
Ooh.
Yeah.
Whenever it's ready actually cos my back's aching so.
Well if you go up to.
I'll finish this last sweatshirt and then I'll.
have a sit and a cup of tea.
see in a minute something's gon na go in that I swear it is.
I've narrowly missed it about three times already.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And you're gon na feel it this time as well because having that cold.
No.
Well it will I mean.
Used to be?
Well used to be's do n't count.
Why did she tell you that?
No.
Explain it again.
You've lost me somewhere.
Yeah.
Have you poured out one for Christine?
Can you bring hers in, or she's gon na create hell biscuits.
She's had bran flakes.
She.
Christine, there are n't enough biscuits for us to have one each.
You can have a Snack if you want but if you do you wo n't have one for school tomorrow.
You've had two bowls of cereal, you're not starving are you?
There's some chocolate chip cookies out there if you want some.
Oh well.
Crumbs do n't count.
Do n't worry about that.
They'll get washed out, yeah.
Erm do the zip up and tie a bow in those strings.
What've you done?
What've you done?
Let me see.
Christine let me see, what have you done?
What did you do?
Bend your nail back?
Feels like it but it's just where it bends back and it pulls it out straight.
That's why it's horrible.
Do you mind eating a bit later on?
I've st still got this sort of this sort of.
Oh are n't there any out there?
Oh that's it then.
I still got this little housewife feeling that it ought to be ready when you come in the door you know.
Good.
Will I be able to move the car up outside the house a bit later on?
Did you notice when you came in?
Yeah.
And I told her and she said I did n't hear anything.
Christine.
Do you trust my judgement about your desk?
So if I were to go out tomorrow and see one and it was nice.
and I got it, would that suit you?
Well you ca n't have it until your bedroom's sorted out and.
Well you've been told you can have your desk and your chair, but you're not gon na have your lamp and erm some other bits.
I've got an office supply shop right near me.
You know I, we were talking.
about getting her a a and that?
Probably get something in there.
So I might ask dad to help me put on the roof-rack.
The roof-rack is n't behind the steps is it?
It's sort of on top of everything?
No, neither can I.
I'd quite like to record that Watchdog programme.
In car.
safety.
Oh.
Well you know whatever do n't you?
It's half past seven that's on.
In half an hour.
Wogan's going!
Selina Scott or Ann Diamond or somebody.
Erm no.
It's just, they just announced this morning that he's, and he's asked to go.
It's not that he's being kicked out.
I know.
It's only the lining though.
I'll see this little bit then I'll go and finish that ironing and would you record er Watchdog for me?
On car safety.
Yeah.
not a lot in there.
I was gon na get some more tomorrow.
Erm.
Ha ha I just she just said to me you any good at German.
I looked at it an I said that's French.
And she said I know but are you any good at German.
Put tissue over it.
What's this gon na sound like on that tape.
no look.
Do n't break them.
I must admit I like to see that, because so many people, if a dog had to lose a leg they'd say put it to sleep, put it to sleep.
And why?
If you lost a leg they'd stick a false one on you or give you a set of wheels.
So why kill it why kill a dog because it's gon na lose a leg.
It's got well you've only got two.
You lose yours, one of yours and it's a disaster.
If a dog loses one, well it's still got three to get on with, you know?
It's hardly a handicap at all to a dog.
Mm.
But to lose a leg for a dog is hardly a handicap at all.
Well that's why a dog that limps slightly very often there's practically nothing wrong with it.
If it thinks it's gon na hurt it will limp.
Whereas people, if you've got a painful leg you've got to walk on it.
Whereas a dog might have a slightly painful leg and it will limp like hell.
Cos it does n't have to use it.
quite sure which one.
It's slightly higher than the other.
Yeah.
But mine are, I think mine are more out than yours but they're not level.
And that's those dimples are the bottom are on the bottom bit of your spine so if the dimples are n't level it means that bit of your back is slightly.
No.
No.
That does n't matter.
Daddy's legs need n't be the same length.
Men's legs need n't be the same length.
In fact very few people's legs are exactly the same length.
Yeah.
No no no.
Ben, Ben go and talk to Daddy.
You would n't think he was being nice, would you?
He looks like a.
Did you bite your lip?
Oh yuk.
Ben Ben.
he's got his back legs.
bum in the air.
Come on, bed!
I'm not swearing at you.
I just pointed upwards.
To go up the stairs.
Come along.
Brush your teeth.
You'd better take her lamp upstairs out of the way as well because that's, remember that's a present.
It's got ta be wrapped up.
I know she's picked it out but.
I ordered a skirt this morning as well.
A navy blue pleated one.
Yeah.
Yeah Well, we tried.
Why is it lately that I go to, before I start my my work.
I feel absolutely done in.
You know I've worked so much at home.
that I feel so tired.
So I think this is half the reason why I'm not that.
Because by the time I get to work.
You know?
You get there and there's, there's not that much pressure so you tend to sort of think ah.
And you go at the speed that it warrants.
If there's a lot to do you go quicker and if there's not you go slower.
Introduction?
What did she say?
Ooh.
No.
Oh what you again!
Got ta put up with you for another four days.
No I er I've got some bits to give back to Julie, there's those tapes and I do n't want to listen to it, you know?
And that book upstairs.
I do n't want to read it, I'm not interested.
But what can you say to her?
Yeah but then she'll start asking me things about it and I wo n't know.
I'll just say, look Julie I have n't had time to read it.
so you might as well have it all back.
And do n't give it to me again.
Yeah.
Well fine.
In that case I'll hang on to it but I really think she ought to, actually I'll I'll take round there when I'm home.
Wrap it up and drop it through the letter box.
Oh dear.
Well Iris is there Wednesdays and Fridays.
Alright.
On Iris.
I have n't seen Julie actually about the kid's Christmas presents.
And not getting stuff for each other so I hope she has n't been out and done it all.
Ooh.
Oh yeah.
I have n't had time to do any shopping today or anything.
Hello wiring for the tape?
Tomorrow.
The lady's coming for it Is there anything you want at the supermarket? that we might forget when we're there.
What are you doing with that biscuit.
Marzipan?
How much do you want if they've got some?
Well I should take an extra one the more you can get the better that's what it's all about is n't it?

No.
Sorry I was sat there writing out a shopping list and I suddenly thought oh ten past seven oh ten past seven!
Should have been gone by now whe great thanks ever so much there you go.
Yeah.
You were fumbling were you?
Fumble, fumble, fumble.
Yeah but no I mean Caroline down there have had lights up for about six weeks.
Erm I mean most people in your flat it's still three weeks away we tend to put ours up about a week early, just over a week before Christmas.
No it gets a bit ridiculous when it's a week before and then until January the sixth.
That's what we tend to do is n't it?
It always looks.
like that,.
her birthday because of Christmas.
she gets so this is your Christmas present and your birthday present.
all in one and I think that's horrible Did you see that car.
Just put yeah tinsel wound around.
the aerial and he's trailing some in the back window as well.
Well you sa.
you say that but if we had a cigarette lighter in in this car, a socket an electrical socket I'd.
Oh look at that one they got arrows an they got two arrows facing one another.
Okay then.
Bye.
Yeah I'm alright ah.
Oh it's pedestrians I can read the sign from back there.
it looks.
no there's already a pavement there.
Possibly.
Maybe or putting in erm that cable cos they've dug a trench around it.
Putting a barbed wire fence round the stop the I do n't know.
This man's up here selling his Christmas trees again, he's a real menace this chap.
Yeah it's on a weekend when everybody comes out here to buy their trees and they're parking they're cars on the roundabout.
mm it gets a bit much though.
No I was looking at trees in er B and Q.
I'm not suggesting anything do n't say it in that tone of voice!
and they had do you know how much er a really nice sort of six foot seven foot tree is?
An artificial one from B and Q seventy nine pounds was a seven foot one.
sixty nine pounds was a six foot one.
Mind they were lovely trees.
they were sort of blue spruce type, do you know what I mean?
But you think ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh Christine!
Yeah so did I.
Sounds really nice.
Well that does n't matter.
They are.
That's alright.
I wonder what's happening here?
I'll get my own back on you!
Oh ha.
There's been an h accident.
That's what it er seems like erm if there's a police car you can bet your life the chances are there's gon na be another one or an ambulance if there's been an accident.
This cars turned round even to go out the bottom of there's been an accident oh.
Just take it out of gear please yeah?
Probably a good idea actually well done if er we get the chance we'll er do the same.
go down Shallard's Road and then we can go down er where is it?
Oh it's up there where is no that's the police yeah the police cars parked down there.
and came out of Long Beach we'll miss it.
Yeah so.
Well that's what I that's what I mean go down down Shallard's Road here down.
from California Road.
and along the Long Beach Road.
I do n't wan na go.
past that if it is an accident I do n't wan na go past it.
Oh no I'm not going all around that way.
avoiding the strategy.
It's probably a road accident Christine.
Did you see?
Yeah well that's because people are ghoulish some people will stand in the road and stare.
Oh.
Might not be it might be equipment out of the ambulance or something you do n't know.
Ooh all sorts.
Could be you could have all sorts of things sweetheart We I bet you we'll come out and it'll be right opposite us instead of missing it do you know what I mean still it was further up the road than the junction but the bus did n't seem to be having any trouble.
There's no queue of traffic along here so far it seems to be coming through fairly er well.
I ca n't see properly yet.
How could you have seen it from here?
Back there you could n't see the road up there.
Well you did n't see it from back there Well there's an ambulance.
It's impossible to maybe maybe somebody.
knocked down Christine.
Happy Christmas.
Yeah.
And if a nice thing happens.
it's te ten times better.
I think everybody does Christine does, we always.
do.
Yep do n't we?
Oh my.
ha ha.
Erm there's something up at Matchland I'd like though we have n't succumbed to our set of lights yet actually.
I always cringe when I see a lorry like that coming on the road when you ca n't see past it.
cos you think well if I ca n't see any of the cars behind it then they ca n't see me either.
I always sort of tend to ease off a bit.
I'm afraid that's why I get paranoid Christine and say.
be careful of the roads because a car ca n't erm ca n't always stop in time it's up to you not to walk out in front of them cos they can say oh well you should be able to stop in time but in practice if you drove to be able to stop in time if somebody stepped out in front of you you'd never above about five miles an hour you know? you must sort of stick to the speed limits I do n't believe it we got gaining on the car in front.
If it's a learner he's breaking the law.
I know.
And he's not.
that's right.
We'll have to apologise say there was a an accident.
It is true.
It did hold us up I mean we would have been down there a lot quicker if we had n't had to.
five minutes.
What?
What?
Well you're learning to drive, I'm not.
My foot went on the.
accelerator.
That.
You'll have to give these brakes a bit more welly.
they are er in need of a.
Oh Neil's complaining it's started oh I have n't got enough money.
He's just moved into a new house you know.
about a fortnight, three weeks ago.
Yeah.
And his girlfriend got the sack from her job not too long ago.
So she does she's a florist flowers.
so she does a lot of flower arrangements and that privately.
but as she said you if you make twenty arrangements and you sell half of them you just about break even with the flowers you've bought to do them.
You know?
Leadless plumber not legless, legl leadless oh You know I'm sure that the this roof rack I'm sure you can feel the difference in the car sometimes well not feel the difference but you can hear it, it makes an awful noise at times when the winds blowing.
You know?
You think urgh!
I hate driving round this with the rack on I absolutely hate it if it's windy it's awful.
It sounds like fire engines going off above your head.
Yeah.
Oh I know.
Yeah.

Yeah he's silly.
I do n't know why he makes you do that I mean it's if that was something the I mean all Tony used to ever say when we were at traffic lights were if you want to you can put the handbrake on at this set of traffic lights if they were downhill.
because erm there will be oh what was I it's alright I was concentrating said you can put the handbrake on these set of traffic lights if you like because you might be sat here a while and your foot will ache you know?
No he says it's a Tony used to say to me it's entirely up to you hi traffic lights coming up hill yes but down hill no it's you need n't you can sit there wi ready with the foot brake.
Yeah.
Well the handbrake is only a parking brake the handbrake only o operates on two wheels in any case.
not four so the handbr I mean the fact that you can drive with the handbrake on.
if you're insistent about it you know?
Erm tells you a lot it would n't erm if somebody hit you in the back you'd still move if you had the handbrake on.
In fact probably you'd move more cos he says yo your instinct is take your feet off I think your instinct would be to jump on it all the harder.
Cos the instinct would be to stop the car from moving.
If you see what I mean.
No then I might be wrong I do n't know but all this putting the car in neutral goodness knows what!
It does it just makes you slower getting away.
and one of the things is that's important is hesitancy.
or la and lack of it.
Yeah.
No he he makes you do an awful lot of things that are really unnecessary.
Well I mean I passed my test an I were n't made to do any of that.
I would have thought how stupid it was if I'd been made do it.
That's why I think I've said to you on occasions oh you know.
what are you doing that for sort of thing.
I bet your Mum's thinking we're not coming.
Well no let her sit at the front now Christine do n't be.
mean.
have to do it over there thank you.
So every everything was held right up so what we did was we was we cut back off we're coming along the main road cut back off and went all down Halbury New Road and along Beach Road and around that way.
Yeah but there was an accident so everybody stopped.
so.
in the road.

in the bedroom.
Yeah.
goes in the bedroom.

And we ca n't turn it round anyway we tried all ways.
and it just does n't fit.
So if you know anybody that wants plain set chest of drawers.
we have another pair.
They can have it.
Yeah I've had to re-thread their damn machine for them they did n't have it threaded up right.
Oh dear hopeless are n't I?
No on when it came down the bag missed the hanger instead of one bit going each side of the hanger so that the clothes were inside.
it was n't it was all at the front you could n't do it anyway.
and when I looked they did n't have it threaded up right at the top at all I had to re-thread the machine.
getting to the end now?
Why is it I.
That ones not a bruised one is it?
Alright.
Erm can you get me?

You've got.
Do you want a few red apples as well.
I'll get a bag.
Well you can a bag or oh.
It's alright I'll get one Okay?
I I do n't know dust them up with a a cloth and a bit of Pledge I expect.
There you are.
Yeah.
You know where everything is.
Go out, out there.
I wo n't be a moment.
So do I are they not very warm?
No are any the same.
Yeah.
Mm.
Christine I said we'd meet her by the baked beans so.
It was I do n't know where they are!
Oh right.
By the nappies.
I told her she had to do a we have n't been there.
Look she did n't show us.
It's go due in tomorrow.
I I'm not thinking.
I'm not because I'm not.
Yeah.
Yeah yeah that's a cold.
Frosty you li you like these chips do n't you and there's more in it so that's a mild one.
Yeah it is they're with.
the other ones.
Yeah.
I'll have to get another marzipan another time I'm not.
thank you for letting me get that top though I do n't know.
if it'll fit I might end up bringing it back yet.
But I've ordered a navy blue skirt and I'm praying it comes and if it comes it fits.
A navy blue skirt, that white top and that nice jumper that I bought in here, cardigan will look really nice when I go out with Mr and.
David and Paula and you know?
I mean they're paying for us to go for a meal you ca n't go dressed like.
No, just one.
You get a storage jar with that one as well so I could keep filling it up fr from.
wherever.
And it's quite cheap as well one sixty nine.
one eighty nine.
It's still a hundred gram jar as the same as that.
okay bung it in Gungadin Do we need any more cereal?
I'll tell you what Dad likes chocolate raisins so if.
we get Mum the toffees and Dad some of these.
Christine's.
Do you need any more cereal remember Christine.
Yeah I know she sometimes has two bowls.
Yeah.
Mm?
Yes.
No.
Yeah.
Yes no I think once I turned round in that way and I would n't.
do it again.
Yeah Well I think for safety's sake.
it's.
Yep that will just get in behind the.
Yeah, I'm gon na go back just a little way.
cos I'm bum stuck out.
Yeah it's best to copy a book.
Oh yeah gosh!
I do n't know.
I thought I heard somebody.
Watch out!
Ah oh he's lovely.
Ah.
I said what a difference.
Hello.
How are you?
I said what a difference, Dad.
Oh.

What a difference though.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh you've got a.
Dad would have another dog just like that.
We would but Mum.
no.
It's not as cheap and there's you.
A little wo n't hurt.
Yeah I know it's had food in it, but it's empty see empty.
No.
Oh no.
Yeah.
Yeah we Christine he has n't seen us lo.
for a while and when he saw us last he was frightened and he's not now.
so he's getting to know you now that's what it is.
I remember you from last time, but.
Oh.
yes she is.
Ah.

Yeah.
No we did quite well.
He's no trouble when he goes behind there you get and come over to play food do n't you?
Is he quite it course it's something you got ta got ta get used to have n't you really?
Cos he he'll get more adventurous.
Yeah oh he'll get the message eventually.
it's a.
Get over yeah.
I mean Ben now even now he has relapses I mean nine times out of ten you ca he ignores you when you too much.
and it he'll come up and just cuddle into the side of you without.
taking any notice erm Mum will give him titbits occasionally and you've got ta work hard then to get him out of the habit of it.
Mm it all looks a bit weird upside down cos I ca n't see out of my no that's fine.
No.
Yeah.
Mr All!
Oh.
We have n't got very many presents yet have we?
We really have n't got into it yet.
I we went out and we got er erm a suit so we were laughing.
Erm and we got.
Sorry?
Yeah buy two and that's it.
So we've got ta get.
Erm we washed the car in today, we we did n't actually go shopping, no.
Yeah we just really thoroughly did the car out but that's all we did we did n't go shopping.
Mhm.
my art.
Well it sounded like it Christine.

You do n't I mean you do n't see a tree with a flat top with all the branches coming out do you?
Have you got an old piece of paper?
And you branches start off what are you going to do?
It'll be a mess.
Christine.
Yep I need a separate bit of paper.
I ca n't find a bit that Give me the pencil and let me show you.
Okay.
Can I do it on there?
Look you start off and you've got your trunk okay?
What have n't you got you got two or three perhaps two big ones.
coming off at the trunk see like that.
and you.
another one like that and then what happens is you've got smaller branches lots of smaller branches coming off of piece.
and then you've got smaller branches coming off of the smaller branches.
and it makes twigs.
So you've got an this this branch will keep going perhaps until it gets really tiny.
Look Christine if I draw it.
as a diagram rather than as a tree.
Right you've got one branch.
you start off with one branch like that.
now that branch will divide into to two or you'll get one one bit coming off the side you might get another one up here.
right?
So they're going to go see then you get other branches coming off of that one.
the same and other branches coming off of that one and other branches coming off of that one it's sort of gets smaller and smaller and is gets.
so you you've got perhaps two off of there and then another one off of the side of there and as you go it gets it gets sl slightly smaller each time see what I mean?
to the.
Yeah that's right see see what I mean?
It ge it you just sort of keep going until it stops.
Nun.
She ca n't find the stereo Oh lovely.
The worse thing I've ever done is wax for my legs I did it once mhm.
Yeah it literally it's like sticking a sticking plaster on your legs and pulling it off.
Only it holds onto the hairs so much that it rips them out so that you end up with legs with no hairs on it but ah!
It's best done very quickly.
Mine are the only actually they're not as bad as they used to be they need doing now but Daddy's so they're not too bad.
No.
No mine are n't too bad really it's just that I do n't like being having said that I had one.
No.
That's right.
Do you to as well or will he eat.
Yeah I suppose eventually you'll have to start giving him one wo n't you?
Cos otherwise er it's gon na.
lose him.
Ha ha ah.
Yeah you do n't.
wan na be grown up do you?
Have you got used to the feel of him now?
Basically they feel just.
That's slightly nice.
A winter tree.
Yeah.
Yeah oh it's lovely to see him not shaking and coming over to you.
Oh yeah you're beautiful now.
Yes you are yeah you beautiful boy yeah.
No cos you'll fill it in with all the other branches.
Give your tummy.
yes you are His tail now when it's down it's still down between his legs but it's li it's limp is n't it?
No it was definitely pulled up under his.
Yeah.
Mm perhaps it'll go to sleep on his cheek.
Oh yeah.
Yeah, it's amazing really.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I like dogs that sit like these I must admit.
there's Fred then and Hipner and they all like being cuddled to do n't they? lovely Does n't he look different to his other parts.
Are you gon na come down.
I do n't know.
Mm slightly it's just a little so when he's head.
just a little tiny so that takes precedence.
cos er it does n't get in the way.
Yeah engaged you had it.
I mean if you always.
Oh oh dear Wendy's dogs used to erm get on your lap and cuddle down.
and they'd jump up on your lap and then very delicate jumping up although they're quite heavy.
but when they crawl down in the hall they they're no bigger than.
you know.
Yeah yeah.
Mm.
I know.
Yeah oh yeah.
Well Windy's the legs are crossed and we're away just the legs crossed and we're away there you go.
He says no I do n't like that.
Oh he's lovely.
No well.
Yeah.
are you?
I makes you wonder when there is up there and what's happened to them but this is what we said we found.
Oh yeah.
Yes.
The way he sits look Ben yeah I love this bit, look.
And.

Yeah.
Just a few.
No I know.
I do n't know whether that's shaking.
just because it's up there or not cos it's on the only leg that is shaking the others are n't.
Yeah.
Chris cos they're shaking our chests and that they ca n't be any.
roll over as well.
But I should imagine they were lying and stay there.
You know he sort of.
Yeah.
No I do n't think that nerv that's nervous cos hi his front legs not.
Well he's definitely a cuddly dog is n't he.
So why are they shaking like that?
Yeah odd!
Sorry?
Yeah oh he's turning into a real dog.
No and he'll get more used to it, I thought tonight was I was I pushing it too far when he started.
but it was n't it was just that he probably it was.
No see I must admit I wonder whether your Mum will find too much of a handful she's already telling him off a lot you know?
And I wonder whether she'll find bi erm.
And when when he gets to know us a bit better we got quite a welcome tonight.
With all things considered.
When he gets to know us better we'll get a hell of a welcome when we go in.
I think.
Now we that's one little dog that I do want to get know.
I know.
See Fred Fred knows us.
Do you know what I mean?
It's so long I do n't need a map for some reason.
Everybody's seems to speed all of a sudden.
Ha ha!
Your Mum is is really being foolish though with that dog she's got problems already he's wanting a chew and she's give him one she not give him one to him, I have n't tried him with one yet she said she actually.
held him tonight while Fred eat his.
No you give one you give them both she.
she'll have him pinching it off of Fred you see.
eventually if er she's not very careful or they'll be a fight.
cos they'll.
fight over it.
New dog or not you know?
I mean it says in there about feeding them feeding with feeding th a dog you use your own common sense.
It's as simple as that, he's showing interest so let him have it if he wants it.
It's not gon na do him any harm you know?
The diarrhoea and that they're talking about is n't now it was when they first had him.
Back last week.
Very short term, yeah.
Yeah.
Sorry?
Yeah.
I doubt it, no he's probably got too much of an idiot cos he should n't have let him off and he knows he should n't have let him off.
What's that?
Can you remember what it says?
Well let us have a look when we get home.
Oh he's a lovely dog Oh I.
I've just now been singing.
Oh he's a beautiful dog though.
I'm nearly done ha.
I reckon he's absolutely fantastic that number plate it is drunk innit, it's not me?
Unless it's decided to.

No it's all of it even the h and the w I think they might have lost some figures off of it at some time.
What how many.
have you recorded?
Oh well you gon na see if you can finish it off tomorrow?
tomorrow.
Sorry?
Well I wondered whether you were gon na try and do another one.
You hear the.
It's screaming.
I saw him he was dying to do that go back.
I guessed it.
Yeah and the best bit about it is I have n't started to indicate but it was still a dangerous place to overtake.
You know?
Stupid place to overtake!
I'm afraid you're gon na have to find your own way to Bishop's Grove.
After all this I've had with being late you know?
You would n't?
Oh.
Well we'll have a sniff at it and see what it's like.
Why?
Oh has it ever occurred to you to take a bottle of milk in from home save going out to buy it?
Do you think they.
ah.
Well yeah I suppose you would.
I'm quite pleased with how I got on at work today with the amount of work I'd done that.
that erm stops see it?
It's he's gone by ran across the road and went down that.
slope.
Yeah.
What's the matter?
Oh thank you for that I was forgetting what it was.
It's alright I thought you were trying to cos of the door.
or.
Probably would have been enough for them, but.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What did you say?
Were you annoyed or.
slightly!

Oh great I like that No we've seen a fo we saw a fox the other night, Christine did n't we?
It ran across the road, it even.
Well when you're driving along you're looking a long way ahead that's why and anything that comes in the road you see it Oh I hope whoever was involved in that accident tonight was alright.
Urgh! turn that off.
It always makes me think because last time we saw an accident like that it was Penny you know what I mean?
And you think oh.
who else could it be that we know, you know?
and I did n't buy any Tony.
Well I was saying to Daddy actually I it would be better if I got up first and went in the bathroom.
I said were you looking forward to a nice pear oh you've got them have you?
I said yes.
Well you have n't finished it yet.
Where's these comments that you want us to have a look at.
Where's Ben only if he's locked out he'll be going hell like mad in a minute.
Ooh.
Can I have a look?
Yeah Tony.
Chris no Chris has been encouraged to get help with her maths sheets no deadline so I think er that means.
You did n't even tell us.
Yeah, no it's a bit more than that I think it's a bit of a case of please help her with her maths sheets.
So fair enough we will.
we are.
Christine?
Sweetheart I'm sorry but you're not.
doing that at quarter to eleven.
It's too late, come on.
No! you should n't have even started it when you came in now come on get your coat off and get.
Please no you should n't.
Oi!
I know she's naughty anyway if it's recorded, that's her tackled.
Oh.

I'll go in up there now then there's nobody else come here.
No alright I just do n't want.
Good boy filthy in.
Shh!
Poor dog I really do feel sorry for that dog.
Oh you stinker.
Christine, Granpy buys these from a sweet shop, there's nothing wrong with them.

No I know ooh.
that one is is such a shame cos that's a lovely one but you smell it.
It's out of the fabric conditioner.
It's just too strong.
That'll do keep those those go with those I hope that'll fit I do n't know my other one erm that's fine but the other one was a bit bigger though just have to see.
Put it up here and then it'll grow alright, so I've got the black one.
up there and all of a sudden he saw it and he came in the room, Tony and he went he looked up at it and the stood up at the back of his neck and he was going grurgh ever so quietly under his breath grurgh.
In the end I had to get it down and let him have a sniff before he.
Yeah?
Which rubber band?
Yes please I'll ask Mum if she wants them actually.
You know what the theory behind that is if you keep that moist.
they do n't go bad.
What happened to the?
They were on the coffee table in the front room and they've gone have you put them away?
Or have I put them away.
I know where they are it's alright.
No I've I've put them away I think.
Yeah I really missed you not coming into work with me yesterday.
Really odd.
Yeah and what day is you're doing Kingswood?
Well I can take you in Tuesday ca n't I?
Because erm.
I can ca n't I?
Got to get Christine off to school first and then drop you straight up there.
Erm, your Mum wants her pears so if you put them in the fridge they'll be alright she said they were she picked out nice hard ones.
So they're okay.
Yeah I said to her if you look up what they were I'll pay you for them and I'll have them if you like he's a real sweetheart he's a good boy yeah Look what I bought today Tony.
ha I thought you'd find that funny.
What?
No I'm not really.
Christine!
I bought a couple of bits for you to give as presents if you'd like.
Your throat's a bit like that it's.
Do you want peas or beans with yo peas cos we had baked beans last night.
Oh dear!
Here we go again, ha.
Rather a lot of everything in tins, that's why do n't know if my Mum was waiting for the invite today only I hope she's I was n't bothered Oh that's nice.
Yeah well we can still change our mind in any case ca n't we?
If we wanted to.
Yeah but we've done some Your saying we've got ta do something about Christmas that's all I've been doing this week!
Chasing round doing something about.
