
We do n't want you on tape.
This will get modern usage of words.
Of, one of the words that she was talking about, people have started using wicked for a normal phrase.
I mean, it does n't mean what it says in the dictionary any more.
Yeah.
Well that's the idea anyway.
Are you going to go to sleep, eh?
Please That does n't mean much, does it?
Who do you want to go and gurgle at?
Eh?
No?
Have you had enough grub for a little while?
There you are, go and see somebody.
Go on, you do lovely smiles.
If she smiles it will be at your hairline.
Pardon?
She might be able to see a blurred shape.
Well she definitely looks at her mobile.
I know it drives you mad, the music but er.
Well, yes.
Well I mean that's what's nice for them, is n't it?
Oh of course Oh well done.
the last half hour.
She's had a lot of that today.
Well do n't put it on too loud, will you?
Love him.
O K.
Eh?
You will speak to, I'm very relaxed.
I would n't like to go for a week in silence.
I did n't think you could.
He does n't know his middle name, does he? her name.
It's nearly ready.
.Five minutes, oh we're late are n't we?
Never mind.
Oh, right.
How is he?
Well, that's the name of the company is n't it?
He's busy.
Oh, that's what he wants to be is n't it?
It's bad news being busy?
Why?
He, who?
Why, what's wrong?
Oh dear.
Well she works with him, does n't she?
Aha.
Now that kind of busy is not the right sort of busy is it?
Are you hungry Charlotte?
Oh right.
I'll eat your dinner.
I'll go and eat your dinner.
You have.
What have you been doing?
Have you been buying naughty things again Joelle?
Naughty girl.
I have n't eaten your dinner, it's not ready yet.
.Nearly ready.
Oh, you're doing it in English are you?
I hate this in English.
This, this video.
Oh it's the voices I ca n't stand.
Did it go bonk?
Listen, go away She does n't say go away very much now.
Does she?
Well she's just heard it, that's why, but she does n't she does n't say it very much does she?
No?
I've only heard it once or twice in the last few.
Well, that's normal.
She does n't want you to change her nappy does she?
Water please.
Right, let's go and see if these chicken things are ready.
Right, right, would you like to sort of start getting yourselves into the other room.
Now the baby's waking up, dinner's ready.
She keeps kicking her legs and going, ah, ah.
No, it's not.
I said try and start thinking about getting in there because.
About two minutes.
After dinner, yeah.
Probably not.
Do you think Charlotte will eat a turkey steak with garlic and herbs?
What?
I said do you think Charlotte will eat a turkey steak with garlic and herbs?
You hungry?
Miss?
What's happening, water please, water, water.
Ah, that's that done.
They do do n't they?
I thought we'd try them for a change.
Like chicken Kiev without a load of sloppy butter.
Bit smaller than normal ones.
There's a lot of banging and crashing on this tape.
What else do I need?
A plate for Charlotte.
Brian said, we'll make it tomorrow night, eight to eight thirty.
So, cos he had an early, erm, what do you call it, early estimate.
Do n't be naughty.
Off you go Jess, go and be fed.
Is that nice?
Is that a nice cake?
Mm.
Pardon?
Oh you're colouring Postman Pat.
You've got a black crayon again.
Pardon?
Chose what?
Oh, right.
Did you know what you were choosing?
Did you walk around Tesco's?
Did you walk, or did you sit in your pushchair?
You went in a car did n't you?
Have you told Daddy what you did?
Erm?
Go on, you tell Daddy what you did in front of erm.
Yeah, one of these things you sit in, put twenty P in or whatever it is, and have a ride for two minutes.
Aisle?
Oh Charlotte, do n't talk with your mouth full.
Because Sainsbury did n't have any yesterday.
I do n't know, I did n't go today.
What did I do today?
I made beans, when I'd finished sorting out this one I.
Charlotte do n't play with that lovey.
That's a good girl.
All morning.
Then this afternoon we went to Croydon.
Exciting.
You went to Tesco?
We are.
Absolutely.
Me.
You're not tired.
You should n't be tired.
Oh I'm so glad you're happy.
She's a poor old lady at the moment.
Poor old lady.
Charlotte please do n't talk with your mouth full, there's a good girl.
It's not, it's not very nice darling, to do that.
Dear oh dear.
I would n't bounce at the same time.
You're going on the trampoline.
Well finish your mouthful first, please.
Ah that was n't her fault.
Have you finished?
Have you finished eating?
No?
No.
Oh right.
I could n't work out what you were talking about.
It only takes one at a time.
It's bath time really.
I thought you'd finished your cake, have n't you finished?
What?
Top Of The Pops, oh.
I have n't watched Top of the Pops.
will sit there cringing, said I ca n't believe they put this rubbish on terrible.
Do n't know who was on it actually.
Well she does n't like M C Hammer, he was on, and then there was one week with Germans on it and it was, erm, it's a German group that used to be popular and have n't done a song for ages.
Yeah, the Robots.
I mean, it was just the words they were using, I mean oh It makes you cringe, oh and then that er girl oh she's done quite a few things recently.
She sings much better than she talks.
No, it's not my day to diet, been, been naughty today.
Oh dear.

Who Charlotte?
You missed that.
I just swayed at her, and she.
Oh yes.
You were in your cradle.
Elvis, did n't he?
Well so many of these songs have been done by so many people that you would be forgiven for thinking that, that.
Because there's one there, one on one of these that er either Paul Simon or Art Garfunkel or someone, ca n't remember which one, probably Art Garfunkel as Paul Simon does all his own does n't he?
Well there's one on there, I ca n't remember.
Everley Brothers?
Oh yeah.
Shut up.
He is.
Have to employ him full time.
He's always quite good.
I suppose you like that film.
You're not having cake.
Well she's looking at it.
Keeping him busy out on estimates and.
Why.
He does get the offer, I mean.
She's trying is n't she?
It's normal behaviour.
Charlotte's done it too.
This?
Oh no, that's a.
No, that's to do with this tape.
Mmm.
Oh yeah?
That's an old trick.
Oh, right.
performing arts here.
It's a monstrosity.
Oh she has n't?
Oh.
is it washable?
Yes.
Do you feel better now?
Obviously.
Well you do n't know, have you, have you found the statutory requirement for space yet?
Per person.
Therefore if we do n't actually want to live in the same place as the residents, which I certainly would n't want to do, right.
We'd have to buy two adjoining.
Yeah.
So that either means providing it, or something further down the scale.
I mean that's, huge.
That to be honest is, is somebody who's like, been doing this for ten years and has already got themselves like half a million pounds of worth of equity.
You know it's a huge property.
Yes, I've got.
Sorry?
Say that again in English.
They're coming to collect the stuff next Thursday.
But I do n't have to do it every day all day.
It's twenty tapes.
So that's twenty times ninety minutes.
talking about his estimates.
Very exciting stuff and I've been telling her not to speak so loudly.
Have you had enough now?
Why are you.
Why are you going for a walk?
You're looking so guilty.
The pair of them.
Really.
Since when do you ask Brian if he wants to go for a walk?
I have n't said anything about it.
Amy.
Let go of my neck.
She's a major contributor to these tapes, are n't you?
You really must think we're daft.
He's sleeping down here tonight.
It's bad enough being woken up by the baby without going back to bed and then being woken up by.
Oh that's very naughty.
Is it as little as that?
Naughty, is n't it?
White Fang.
It's the latest Disney extravaganza, and a wolf cub in it, oh Kirsty loves.
Oh is n't it?
Oh, she'll probably like that.
Yes I suppose by the time she's here look different.
She has n't got enough to have a perm, has she now?
Twenty one pounds forty five.
Regardless of whether it's a restyle or trim.
That is.
I must admit though it looked lovely, I'll say that.
Well I had one like that, you know when we used to go to that gym up in Chelsea?
six weeks.
Caught it off Amy.
They are are n't they?
But he phoned up to order it and said oh my wife likes these soppy things, he bought it, I did n't.
It had nothing to do with me.
Then he wants me to tape it so he can have it in the car cos it's on C D.
Well, if you want to get rid of hiccups, drink.
stand on your head.
Run round the block or something.
Because you do n't like them.
You keep complaining every time you get hiccups, you say oh I do n't like them.
I'm trying to help get rid of them, sorry.
Once she's gone, once she's gone she's gone.
Oh dear, oh we've come to the end.
Oy, psst, you are a little fidget.
Mm?
They're not having a cigar, they're walking round the block.
They're not having a cigar.
So they keep telling me.
They think we're stupid and we do n't realize.
Well I'm sure he was.
Yes, he had one to celebrate, but he did n't just buy one he bought a box.
So of course he had to keep smoking them until he'd finished.
And he told me, well quite soon quite soon after she came along.
I think he actually went for a walk with Brian.
No, no, this was the last one.
I said, you had the last one two days ago.
So the last one of packet number I do n't know what.
Yeah, yeah.
Well at least have separate rooms.
Well he can be lying there sometimes and I'll say, will you roll over please.
Mm.
Go on then.
Mm.
Will you please roll over!
Or some of the time I've been sitting there in the bed feeding the baby, you know.
and go shut up!
Shut up!
It's awful.
Knock out drops.
have to be a man unfortunately.
Goodness me.
Oh what are you doing?
Oh shut up.
Go away.
My baby's ones do.
No.
I'll have to put you down some time.
When's she due?
Did you say?
Mm.
Now what about that then?
I ca n't believe how quickly the time's gone.
Ooh broke?
I ca n't get mine off.

I ca n't get my wedding ring off.
Well they're all up there.
Well, yeah, if you look, ooh, I ca n't think where.
I think there's a book-rack up there and I think some of them, the patterns are out of the magazine and they're just, in a rack, I think.
If you go up there just leave them as they are do n't leave them all over the place.
put them back.
Depends how much time I've got.
What the ski, lycra type one?
Lycra.
fabric.
Do you want the fitted or loose?
You want like, like that, floaty?
Like, like these, or, more like jogging pants?
Well if you want them to stay pretty as opposed to going baggy then you'll need to have a bit of lycra in the fabric.
Keeps the shape better.
Oh, the body?
The body?
So you did n't get a look in then?
Quite versatile really.
So.
That's.
Oh, right, yes I've seen it, I've seen it.
Who are they?
Mm.
childrens ' tracksuit.
Joelle?
Could you just take the carrycot up and put it on the floor?
Just so that it's upstairs, for me.
Well I have n't cleared the cot out, so.

Is there maternity clothes then?
Oh yes, cos that was the fashion was n't it?
I really got away with it, you know.
I, did n't have a coat right the way through.
Really lucky.
Oh, dear.
Even through the snow I survived.
Very lucky.
Cos I refused to go out and buy a coat.
I had a jumper that my mum knitted that went wrong and ended up twice the size it should have been.
But that came in useful.
Mm.
I'd probably know what you mean if I saw it.
Sat on top?
Oh, a baggy one.
Oh, I know, yeah.
I hardly wore any dresses.
Oh it's boring, is n't it, being pregnant?
Because you do n't want to go and buy as many clothes as you would have in your wardrobe normally.
Yes.

You enjoyed your non-smoking did you?
You enjoyed your non-smoking did you?
He does n't even like it.
Well he does, but he wo n't eat it.
I suggest having trout for dinner, no.
Do n't fancy it.
we've actually had trout in the freezer for ages, and not used them fresh the day I got them I'll use it and.
Mm.
Actually onions and mushrooms in garlic butter.
Redistributing.
Well Suzy's going to Weightwatchers again.
She does n't look like she needs to really.
She has put on a bit, but.
Because if you look at the top of her, you you would n't think.
Mm.
You'd think she was skinny.
Well, she went right down to a size ten when she lost all that weight before.
Fourteen.
It's all round the bottom.
Mind you, cycling should help that.
She's out cycling here and getting the train in the morning.
Keeps her bike in the garage and pops on the train.
in the garage.
They recycle CFC's do n't they?
Ca n't you find.
or something?
Well, if, if they enquire they're only enquiring.
not working so they do n't want to take it.
have to get somebody to take it away.
now is n't she?
Pardon?
I'm not sure.
Is it?
I'll have to buy the tickets occasionally.
What'd you say?
It's a last, last ditch attempt to get some money out of it, is it?
It was n't one we wanted.
No, no, we would have wanted that.
Oh yeah that's it.
Yes it was, yeah.
I'd like Fantasia.
I'd probably be sad and disappointed.
My memory of it would probably be.
fifteen I think.
Fifteen, sixteen.
And I saw it before that, about, yeah about eight as well.
But I still enjoyed it the second time.
I remember I did n't like the orchestra bit.
weird psychedelic bits.
The Nutcracker Suite's my favourite.
Hippos and things doing ballet dances.
No, she's not asleep.
She was.
She's just woken up.
Well.
What do you want to do?
Shall I put you in your chair?
Shall I?
Oh you do make funny faces little girl.
Oh, that's a nice choccy.
Yeah.
Mm.
What was she doing?
Mm.
There are n't any old papers yet though are there?
Oh right.
Course Danielle's in the middle of it all now, is n't she?
Mm.
Does n't want to be a doctor any more.
Mm.
Did n't know there was two versions of.
We have n't heard anything for.
You know she looks a lot more comfortable in there than Charlotte did.
Charlotte always looked sort of.
It's the longest she's stayed in it.
I wonder what's.
Just a minute love.
Yeah.
Right off we go then.
Yep, where are my keys?
Found one what?
Polos just one Polo.
I think we might be able to manage that.
Just a minute darling it's alright I can afford to buy you a packet of Polos.
Pet hold mummy's hand hold mummy's hand, there's a good girl off we go.
Bye.
Shut the door there we are.
A bit chilly is it?
Is it a bit chilly?
Never mind.
What's a bit chilly?
It's a man, is he a bit chilly, he does n't look chilly he's got a coat on.
Pardon?
Look at me when you're talking to me I ca n't hear you.
It's a man there's lots of men.
Can you go on where?
Oh you want to walk on that, oh Charlotte come on then, you're pushing me into the road.
I do n't want to go in the road.
No.
I do n't.
Mm.
Oh dear, I'm sorry.
Who's coming to see you today?
Can you remember?
Pardon?
Who's coming to see you?
Grandma's coming to see you, that's right and who else?
Pardon?
Grandma and.
Granddad that's right.
Or it's Grandpa Granddad's in American is n't he?
Granddad's a long way away, he's on holiday.
On holiday that's right, he sent you a letter did n't he?
He sent you a letter.
What love?
Hold my hand nicely sweetheart, there's a good girl we're coming up to a busy road in a minute and it's dangerous Walk nicely darling, there's a good girl walk nicely just stand still a minute sweetheart hold my hand Charlotte please hold my hand there's a good girl.
Little bit further yes, it's not very far it's not very far.
to the shop is it?
Not very far no.
A hole in the road yes there's lots of holes in this road.
Can you, oh alright then.
lot's of people dig up the pavement do n't they?
Can you, yeah go on no you hold my hand please no running away, no running away there's too many cars alright.
Not what?
No we're not going in the car we're walking are n't we?
Oh Charlotte loo will you pick up your feet.
Pardon?
Oh nearly there.
Pardon?
Right we go across the road now nicely.
Cross the road now you stand there stand still, give me your other hand good girl right now is it all clear.
O K off we go off we go.
Off we go up the step there's a good girl.
Charlotte please, can you walk nicely?
Pardon?
We're nearly there yes.
No we're not going here we'll go a bit further.
No you must hold my hand darling, it's too dangerous too many cars alright too many cars.
What?
I ca n't hear you sweetheart, speak up.
Charlotte what did you say?
What did you say?
I ca n't hear you I'm sorry wait till we get in the shop too noisy all these cars is n't it there we are nearly there now nearly there.
In you go good girl Hello.
Fine thank you.
Pardon?
No, no a girl.
Yeah.
Right is there anything else you want?
Something else you want, I got some Polos.
Want anything else?
You often get the chance so make the most of it.
No you ca not toffees darling, you want some Smarties you can have some Smarties.
That's Smarties yes, do you want Smarties yeah?
You want Smarties alright that's all then.
We'll get one of those for another day that's it now, no more do n't touch You stay there, do n't touch them good girl.
Put it down you're not having any more, no Alright there's good girl you can hold a packet of Polos that's right.
You want Polos, I know that's why we came out is n't it lucky girl.
She's adores them I do n't ha, I do n't know if this is normal for a child this age to eat Polos, but.
You want, oh alright you can have one, just one.
They are nice, they're not too strong are they?
There we are right you have those.
Right off we go then, we go home go on then say bye bye.
Hold my hand then come on hold mummy's hand, there's a good girl no you've got to pull it bye.
Alright little one.
So what was the problem on the journey then?
Okay.
Until today?
Oh right.
Oh well you got here.
You've seen that before.
You've seen that before.
Yes.
it well it's it's lost some it's style by.
by being picked.
Some of them have picked been picked.
Oh yes you've got ta show Grandpa that.
This is flavour of the month.
Yeah she had it as a present on.
It's come a long way.
it's come a long way since we had Lego.
You look at the doors and the windows, yeah.
It's a little bit advanced.
She usually requires.
she requires a helper.
Joelle's going to the hairdresser in a minute.
She's going to the hairdresser, I said she could go seeing.
I hope you do n't mind?
I do n't know what does it take an hour or so?
Appointment's for half past one she's having.
Shampoo and set, oh nobody shampoos and sets mother!
That's right.
Well anyway she's having er she's having it her hair restyled.

Is that when you're off?
I sincerely hope so.
I shall have words to say if she's not it's a working day today.
It's a working day.
Yeah she has.
Oh.
Oh well windows yes but they're not.
No, these it's it's.
The door is great I mean it's bigger actually the doors and windows are bigger now than they used to be, are n't they?
You'll have to watch her she's put there's a couple of flowers in there she's put in her mouth.
It's there, and the very little bits of roof for example, probably would n't.
be a good idea.
Are you going to sleep now?
Please go to sleep please.
Yeah, it's the first time these actually keep a lot better than the towelling ones.
I mean this has been worn and washed many times for Charlotte.
Did you, oh no this is an old one.
Yes, th the velour types do.
Yes all the new ones are hanging in the wardrobe.
cos they're all too big are n't they?
It might be my fault, perhaps I've been rushing around too much cos that affects your milk supply of course.
Could be me.
Getting there.
No, these are old ones.
Oh no I would n't wear anything new, not yet.
Not with all the unmentionables that go thrown all over you at this stage.
Come on then let's have a little bit of wind a little bit of wind come along.
Well they're going.
A lot of them have got them.
Windy smiling.
Come on then have it up.
Bye.
Good luck.
One of us had a wonderful night, but somebody else decided to disrupt it.
This one went asleep at eleven so I thought oh well I'm O K till fiveish, maybe.
but she was busy busy all evening.
then somebody appeared in the bed at two o'clock this morning.
and I really was n't quite with it what was going on.
before I knew it she was suffocating she was lying across my neck.
But erm after I'd choked for half an hour she went to sleep I eventually went back to sleep again and.
she woke up at quarter to five.
And then she went back about half past five until nine o'clock.
Yeah.
So it would have been a wonderful night.
Mm she no she.
woke up about quarter to seven, I think I was oblivious I just about sailed off again about after putting this back.
erm.
Goodness knows and she came toddling in.
with Postman Pat and.
various other books.
What two o'clock?
No.
Perhaps she's gone out She's gone out Okay sweetheart, come here love, let's get your jacket on.
That's your muzzy book, you must n't si look come on watch what you're doing right let's do it up, come here!
Right, there's a good girl.
Alright?
Let me just check, Oh Jessie honestly why we stick to one place careful.
Let's hope there's no right where she's going.
I think that's the only one, oh more here.
Go on love Charlotte.
come here love, please Grandpa's coming where was that I ca n't remember?
Ornamental thistles?
They are vicious yes.
Right do n't worry Dad I'll res I'll be spraying them.
Ooh.
Hello darling, come on I said to her when she goes back to Tumbletots I shall expect big things of her.
No more being shy and going up the high one.
Question of what?
Oh no, bear in mind there's twenty others of them.
Twenty other, kiddies all doing the same.
Oh yes, do you want to go in your tent?
Charlotte go in your little tent Mummy come and say hello through the window.
Boo!
Hello.
Ooh ooh, Charlotte, hello.
Hello.
What sort of I do n't know what life.
expectancy is, oh.
Mm, yeah maybe a bit more.
Wait until we've braced it.
Yes, it's a good one.
Yes, and she ca n't quite work out how to do it yet cos it moves.
Charlotte love.
No, because I've put the chair over it.
Er, no you hang on it.
Shall we go back inside now?
Let's go inside cos Joelle will be back soon We'll go and say hello Joelle.
Oh put it down, it's all wilderness is n't it?
Ooh.
Never mind.
Ooh, ooh oh!
Must you, she wants to make sure I've got a constant supply I have Sadie to thank for that.
She showed her how to do that.
We had a nice day on Monday.
Mm yes.
Yes.
I do n't think these are anything to do with you.
These ones just appeared I think.
Another one there.
Mm Mm.
And there's a lupin that appeared from nowhere.
It's not going to do anything though.
One day.
Yes, some of them Charlotte do n't got over there lovey there's some poo there come on.
We'll walk up the path.
Shall we go in?
Let's go inside, and see Amy.
Yes.
Come on darling.
We'll come out again later.
In you come love good girl there you go, there we are.
up you come.
Well I'm going to put these two plants in it together.
Yes.
Come in the lounge.
Quick can you pa pass behind me please Charlotte.
Not out here sweetheart, please.
You do n't come out here with it normally do you?
You can walk round the kitchen but that's it.
There we'll do, just pulling out the stuff I want.
Tumble.
I say I'm just pulling out the stuff I can tumble.
Sheet in here somewhere.
Come here sheet where are you.
That's dreadful sheets and my night clothes has to be washed daily.
Mhm.
What sort of picture do you want?
You ca n't erm well if it's a big bit it wants to be something baby does n't it?
Like a teddy or.
ducks.
Well I I'll ask.
Is n't it the latest erm.
it's the latest embroidery magic thing sort.
Have you had them all?
Charlotte come away lovey You keep her out here a minute I'll just go and find a couple of books.
Oh you have n't had that much off have you?
Cos of the perm.
There are.
Well you never know.
You might find something in there actually.
I've already started something.
There's all sorts of possibilities, there's one other book which I think is upstairs somewhere, if you do n't find something in there there should be some more.
It's quite a nice little book actually I think, that one.
There's a teddy.
Not such a nice teddy though is it?
I do n't like the flowers.
Do n't know.
It's flowers of some sort.
Do you think you could change her nappy for me?
I've only just got rid of the baby.
It's been round my neck all the time.
I say I've only just go been able to put the baby down.
I had to have her.
And she needs a new nappy or taken off altogether please.
Some flowers here.
Course you have.
Do n't hit.
Do you want to do one now?
Oh good girl, pull your trousers down then.
That's right.
Smoke too much.
Grandpa's in the garden pulling up thistles.
No.
they're different.
There's trains and buses an, balloons and things and things.

They're a bit bleak are n't they?
Monkeys, sea lions.
Erm.
I'll er just go and have a look.
What?
Oh yes, yes I'm covered in white streaks it's a hazard is n't it?
Erm, I do n't know whether th, Charlotte where I do n't want you going in the dining room lovey, I'm sorry baby's asleep.
Yes alright you can come.
Out the way then.
Wait, Charlotte wait!
Shhh!
I've no idea, she's knows what she's talking about.
Oh it's a bear.
Oh or less.
There's a few bits in there the rest of the stuff like that is in the.
where the erm.
beer is.
I think so I do n't know how much.
I do n't think so.
You want the potty?
You go inside then please go on you can take that with you but if you want the potty you g go and sit on it now cos I do n't want any more wet trousers.
No, okay we.
Might you?
Oh right.
Oh right, Oh we've got ta have tiny little bumps then?
The key hangs by the door.
The back door.
Come on your potty's in here darling, come on you'll trip over if you try and walk too far like that, come on I've got to no come on.
Charlotte.
Now we'll have enough of that noise, come on.
If you want to sit on your potty you sit on it I do n't want a nonsense.
Do n't want to sit on her potty.
How many have you looked at?
No, I might have a bit of pink.
Cup of coffee.
Dad'll have a cup of tea.
Oh that'll be quite nice for.
I like the pear.
So that's pear.
Well what wo, oh that's nice.
That rabbit.
Little rabbit.
There wh there were no cos there's loads of things for children in the embroidery magic series there's no no possibilities in it?
Oh.
Erm, apart from them.
Whoopsadaisy!
Alright?
You're alright are n't you?
book.
Small writings.
You do n't have to do it now if you do n't want to, but it's very nice of you but.
It wo n't get done though no it wo n't, you're quite right.
I do n't like elephants.
Also it wo n't interfere.
Wha tell you what might save you a journey out there somewhere there's two automatic vent things.
which I bought to fit but never did but surely they would have bolts and fittings in them.
They're either in the greenhouse or in the shed.
I think.
Well it should have its so and nuts and bolts.
Mm.
Oh I forgot I had them Oh that's pretty wha ooh.
Well you could do it where you like could n't you?
Oh these are little dear little.
Almost any litt I mean you could do anything round the edge you do n't have to.
He's gone outside darling.
Charlotte.
Mm.
Not at the moment.
Yep, I'm not working from anywhere at the moment.
Oh no, no it's just a nice book this one.
Right easy to forget about.
What have you got there then?
They're pretty are n't they?
That's what I was doing.
Yeah, mm well I was just picking a bit out of it.
it was for a card.
It was n't for.
She's giving you or apple juice is she?
There's a nice duck.
I think anything I do in the future is going to be purely from home consumption or from places.
I mean I'd like to do something like that, but you could n't sell it.
well you could but you could n't sell it for a reasonable price.
Oh yes, yeah when is it?
Mm.
What sort of erm price do they go for, things like that would you think?
Mm.
Twenty plus five, twenty.
twenty five you know depending on the size If there's a dog out there.
I was I was tempted to sell it off cheap but I do n't want to sell it off too cheap cos it's.
because of the price of the frame is quite expensive in itself.
But if that I mean it does n't worry me if I do n't sell that cos it's quite pretty in poppy.
So it's the dog and that and the poppy.
Really oh excuse me.
No.
Not at the moment, there you are let's move there.
Well it was but that was a long time ago I started that, it was tucked inside the book thank you.
Oh Adam's given her strict instructions as to how to make tea.
So she puts the pinger on for three minutes.
Cor!
Twenty five per cent?
That's a big commission?
I'm going to have to up the price considerably then.
Thank you darling.
Ten or fifteen.
Well whatever.
They do n't go.
Some mug might buy them!
Well no there's no no mount or anything on that one it's just as is that was a, the cheapest frame I could do cos I did n't like it when I finished it and I begrudged the price of the frame.
Oh well you can buy him if you want.
He's alright but he's.
Yeah, I would n't buy it.
I'll give it height but I would n't buy it.
Yeah, well I've still got the other two but I do n't know whether Brian and Pauline are going to want them back, I mean they've just, I've had them back for a craft fair.
The tile and the alphabet.
But I I really could n't I would never get the price I would want for the alphabet.
Well I'd want over a hundred for that.
Cos it's got an expensive frame and it's a lot of work.
Ha.
Do n't you think you better wait till she comes back?
Save me getting up.
Well he's a well known artist.
That helps.
Well yeah I mean the answer is.
you pay what feel do n't you?
If you like something enough you know what you can afford and what you're willing to pay for it and if it's priced more then you do n't buy it.
You never know we will give it a try.
Is this in the flower festival?
Well it's in keeping then is n't it?
Mm.
Mm that he does n't want to sell.

Yes, I think so too.
Thank you.
Mm.
She probably would n't notice much different.
Well it's not a lot it's only really the length which is different is n't it?
All the split bits.
What's what?
Oh it's erm a rubber ring with with holes.
Mind the.
which.
Who?
Aha.
I have n't had my cut since last July.
June, in fact, June.
When I went.
Yes.
Well it might have been July, I ca n't remember.
You can sing your songs now, are you going to sing your songs to Grandma?
What the posies?
sixteen sixty six.
Got rid of the plague yeah.
That one.
I think so is n't it?
Yes.
Oh no Postman Pat's cat's called Jess.
I must do a sampler for Amy.
Sometime.
Oh you can have some now, if you want.
What shape did you want?
I said what shape, not size you do n't have a choice of size they're all the same.
You can either have oblong oval, or round, I think.
And what colour?
Pale blue, pale green, red erm cream er pale pink I think.
There's a choice.
We'd better go upstairs and have a look had n't we?
Your what?
Stump work?
What do you mean?
Charlotte stop climbing on the chairs please love.
What like quilting?
Like quilting?
Mm.
Good.
Except from side to side.
And what do you pad it with then?
No, not really.
Yes.
Mm.
Did you do three different sizes of felt or?
Right, O K.
So what shape have you got?
You've got a round like.
padded shape.
Padded shape.
Right and you're making a face on it?
Right I'm with you.
Mm, as if we have n't got enough.
Mm.
Oh right.
You've been having fun then?
What the beads?
Mm.
Quite good can you afford the time to have all these breaks for other pursuits?
Mm.
You should be doing it in small letters.
Yes, yeah no, I'm saying when you write, for her to see.
it should be lower case letters.
Yes they learn, they learn to read lower case before they read capitals.
You do n't need to do that ah no.
There's only one L.
Right, L O that's it T T.
E.
There.
This is W I?
He was judging, he was judging?
Well that was badly written then was n't it?
Mr was only judging the photos.
Sounds like you've given them.
all the points does n't it?
Oh no.
But it's just the way people would read it.
Oh well.
So you just want that one?
That's alright.
Oh I should think so.
Do you want white or cream?
Yes.
Good.
Yes I heard about.
Yes.
Right how much do you want?
Oh it's all come undiddled.
Well if I.
just like that?
Well then you'd probably make two or three there.
Yeah, probably, yeah.
No.
Yes, I'll have the eggs.
Well you've probably got I've probably got a better deal there.
A few cards as well, that'll be that's worth a couple of dozen eggs I reckon.
I'm naughty are n't I?
Is it switched on?
It is.
Oh.
I do n't think I've got many cards up here they're in my bedroom I think let's have a look these are all done.
I think these are.
Some here.
They're not.
the colours you want are they?
Did what shape did you want?
One of each shape, but what colour?
The green is yeah.
well that takes white quite nicely.
I do n't think I've got green one with a cream, no that's got white in it Is that all I've got left?
Oh, you can have any of those.
Oh right, I thought oh yes in the boxful I've got.
Well there's green ones there's three ovals there, I think is it ovals?
Creamy coloured ovals, clear, is ovals the ones you prefer?
What, what colours have you got?
What colours have you got?
Oh you're going to use that are you?
Right.
It's best not to put white in that colour.
They've got the white goes alright in there.
Probably goes alright in there, it goes alright in there.
Well look if I give you well there's two pink ovals with envelopes and three green ones.
How's that?
Are these to sell?
Right then, you want some of those wo n't you?
One two three four, five.
There you are, they just fold over with a.
cos then you just fold it over and er.
stick it down an write the price on.
There you are.
You're all done now.
No Copydex.
Yeah, just a tiny little bit.
round the edges.
Yeah.
Just a minute Oh it's the other side.
Oh right.
Yeah.
I should think so.
I know what I've got the find, oh god it's alright, I've just taken a look in here it's like a bomb!
Get him to sign his life away.
Just in there.
Yeah, permanent fixture.
No, I I no it's just the erm.
Yes I put the carrycot in there.
Oh yes.
Yeah.
Alright?
Oh do you?
I did n't know you had to make holes.
Oh right.
Oh right.
You never know do you?
Yes.
Yes, I know.
Go on take that.
No?
I do n't think there's another, that's smaller is n't it?
You do n't need the Philips one?
Oh, I think I think you've probably got it all.
It's a thingy Oh silly I meant to go to Children's World and buy nappies have to do it tomorrow now.
Oh it's here.
Oh do you think.
I need telling?
That's erm.
Oh right yes, well I shall have to do some.
Yes, I have sent it but I have n't got anything back yet.
That's a tiny little card innit?
So that's the small size, yes.
these are th the ones you've got on the big ones.
Mm.
Oh no no envelope, there no.
Was it?
Oh.
Oh did you?
It's not.
What does it say?
Oh.
I think you were just frightened off were n't you?
At the thought.
Well it is quite fine, I mean it do does make your eyes ache if you do it for too long.
Depends on the colours you're having to use really.
The the worst possible is working with black fabric, that's that's wicked that is.
What th the flowers on the black?
Yes it is nice it's okay if you can do it in daylight, but artificial light is difficult and I used to sit in the car when Charlotte was asleep.
She was went to sleep in the car I used to sit in the car and do it cos the light was good out there.
This?
Yes.
It is pretty.
It's just too long the trousers are too long, that's all.
This is what I like this is my favourite at the moment and she looks wonderful in it the dungarees.
Did she, I do n't remember.
They are baggy, yes.
Yeah, they're lovely.
She's er she nice in denim actually.
Suits her It's the only thing I've bought from M amp; S recently.
Cos, I have n't been impressed.
Mm mm.
Oh, she'll she'll probably be asleep until five now.
Once she goes, she goes.
Yes.
Well yes, but I mean it's she seems to do the opposite thing to Charlotte, cos she used to sleep in the morning and fidget around in the afternoons and this one fidgets all morning and then sleeps in the afternoon.
Which is which is quite handy I suppose.
Yeah.
Yeah well she she sleeps she goes down some time between eight thirty and eleven.
But sh I think what she does she confuses her early and late evening feeds.
so they merge as as sort of one solid feed.
all da evening but then like last night see if I know that she's been chomping on and off all night she'll go for four or five hours.
Or five or six hours.
at night.
So and there you are.
Ah no, it's a it just lets down every now and again.
and it's sort of well it's not well they do get full that's if she suddenly does longer than.
she's been doing.
Then it's overflowing.
That's right.
Yes yeah well I've got two ounces in the freezer.
Yes, well if I can do a few two ounces worth I put them all together and then Adam can give her a little bit.
So I can make the dinner or do something useful.
Cos I do n't tend to get the opportunity.
Cos she starts fidgeting go and hang this lot up I suppose Want to come upstairs?
It is a bit big that's the only problem but the amount of bread we get through I need a big one.
Well no no plus the fact that the lid got broken so that.
Yes dropped by a certain clumsy person around this house unfortunately we've had a lot of breakages.
Yeah never mind So Adam said buy something that does n't break.
We've lost loads of glasses.
And the lid of the bread bin.
So and she ca I do n't know whether you noticed or she ca n't make a cup of coffee without spilling it.
Yeah.
She just ca n't she's incapable of doing that without spilling it.
She's a clumsy clogs that's why I wo n't let her walk around with the baby if she wants to cuddle her I tell her to sit down and I tell her not to move well she's always tripping over her feet.
I'd rather not take the risk.
Do n't want her to go flying do I?
Charlotte's been playing hangers.
Yeah well they're from all the.
Oh yeah I washed all the well not all of them you know all the stuff we sorted out when you up here.
did a big wash the other day so they're all ready wo wo n't be long and the clothes she's wearing now are nought to three months.
And some of them are are a bit short.
Well I could undo the feet and put socks on her.
It would save me a few pennies.
Well we'll see how we go.
Yeah, we've got plenty really.
She wo n't go unclothed that's for sure.
Plus she's got all her new stuff.
Oh we're up here.
Erm.
Well all that sort of thing are in are in the erm where the wine is.
In the in the drawers.
There's all sorts of bits and pieces out there but.
I could n't point you in the right direction immediately you'd have to sort of.
you'd have to hunt about a bit I'm afraid.
Oh I have n't done that yet.
Mm.
Have they?
Well it ca n't be anything else can it, you ca n't really machine smock can you?
So I do n't know why they bother to put in it.
It's like tinned food saying no artificial additives cos you do n't need artificial additives in tinned food they're trying to make you buy it cos.
it sounds healthy.
Right, that's that lot done, cor it's never ending is n't it?
Absolutely.
Obviously did did n't you?
Still around.
Only one.
I got a few flowery ones somewhere.
Pretty are n't they?
Yeah cor thank you.
Oh it's Charlotte's.
Yes, I leave one in there for her to keep er pulling on and off hangers.
Oh they're mine.
Not really Charlotte's need is greater than mine.
I know it's awful is n't it?
Yes, well do n't have er so much time for tidying up.
when you spend an entire morning just child hanging off you.
What a horror they drive you mad though, god As soon as you've got you get used to stage with just Charlotte where you can get on and do things an.
she'll play beside you or she'll come and help you or hinder you or whatever.
And then when you all of a sudden you ca n't do it because there's another.
I would n't bother sweetheart.
She's trying to if while you're on your feet there's two albums over there.
Yes ha.
Oh no, no no.
What do you mean you have n't got them back you have n't taken any have you?
Oh just at the last minute, yes when we were leaving.
Charlotte.
We did.
I did.
Careful!
Oh well the tail end that's the tail end of the tape.
They start about half way down tha oh you've you've seen.
about half way down, well where you are is you.
No, mind Charlotte darling.
Oh there you are that's where you start.
Charlotte let let Grandma look.
by herself will you?
No she does smile.
Let Grandma look darling, she has n't seen them, you have.
Yeah Grandpa's got your doll.
Look it's a picture of Charlotte showing her pictures to.
You see.
do you?
I think so oh it's Guy's party.
You were singing songs.
Let Grandma look first.
Yes it is.
Ooh elephants.
You liked the elephants did n't you?
There's Guy kissing Charlotte.
and there's the hand holding.
Yes, there's always canoodling.
They're so cute together these two are n't you, mm?
You and your cousin.
There's Charlotte cuddling her baby sister look.
I said yes Why?
Well don do n't stick it under there cos it'll get forgotten in fact I'll take it upstairs.
Awful pictures of me there.
Yes, that's how Charlotte treats her like one.
Oh I probably just gave.
you a couple did n't I?
I probably just gave you a couple of er.
photos.

Oh yes I know we'll go on Monday.
we're going to the clinic on Monday I know I forgot when I was there last week, so do n't worry she wo n't die for lack of vitamins.
A week without orange flavoured rubbish.
More trouble than it's worth those.
Well if you go and sit in your chair nicely, you can sit and look at them as long as you look and do n't try and take them out They have to be delivered to you, wo n't they?
Have you done a wee wee recently?
Well you tell Mummy when you need to wo n't you?
You did that yesterday.
No, it was an accident.
Is that the book?
Aha.
Probably.
Do you like looking at those pictures?
Mm?
Who's singing?
Who?
Was it you?
You singing.
You hold it up and I'll see I ca n't say what it is unless you show me.
It's a picture of Grandpa is it?
Oh right you've got a button undone.
Mm.
No, not for dinner.
It looks alright to me.
I think, yeah I think it might look wrong if you turned it up actually.
Would n't bother.
How long's your rain coat?
Oh well it'll match.
You'll just have to have short length coats when you're wearing longer skirts, you know.
Oh right.
Well you'll have to wear it then wo n't you?
Pardon?
Who's tu is it your tummy?
Pardon?
What blue?
Well I hope it's not a blue tummy.
We is it a cold morning, was it?
Are you looking of pictures of you and Amy on the bed together Is that what it is?
You're so sweet with your little sister are n't you?
You're a good girl.
That's what Amy's doing is n't it?
Ugh!
She does make funny faces does n't she?
Especially when she's about to cry.
She screws her little face up does n't she?
And she makes a lot of noise.
Mhm.
Yes well I'll go fortnightly for a little while then it'll tail off.
Yes darling Are you going to sleep?
Oh I went every week to start with.
Is that Adam?
Oh.
Well if he's not busy but he said he might go fishing.
Well if he's gone fishing then.
he wo n't be home yet unless he catches his entire entitlement all in one go.
which he did last week, it was quite funny.
He got there at four o'clock he had four fish he could catch I think out of the ten for the week cos he caught the others and he'd caught them all by half past four.
Caught four fish I think it's West Clandon or somewhere it's in Surrey it's where his Dad's got he takes out his annual.
thingy cos it's his own it's.
oh that farm no it's a lake, private lake.
The there's only half a dozen people that are allowed annual rights to fish there.
No.
They're allowed to catch ten a week.
And he did last week or the week before.
Which is nice.
You want to say something?
Oh you're just hovering are you?
Fine.
Wakey wakey.
Oh.
Mhm of course.
Could you put it down please?
I hate it when Adam does it so I hate it when you do it too, sorry, ca n't help it.
Adam's.
Well he bought it.
Who's that your Grandpa holding your doll?
Oh several have got er.
Yes, or several of them have lost their operative parts.
Well we did try and mend it several times, but he's.
Yes, they are but I think perhaps she's a little too young for them.
really I mean the actual content of them is not too young fo too old for her but.
Oh where she's here.
He's working hard.
He's earned his lunch.
Charlotte please put it down now put it down.
Oh you have n't have you?
Oh love why did n't you tell Mummy?
Get up then, come on.
You're still doing it look come on let's get you on the potty you horror!
Come on quick, quick, quick round here.
Try, come on sit down see if you've got any more Sit down properly come on.
You've done it all now have you?
You monster!
Charlotte next time you tell Mummy you want the potty right?
You listening?
You must n't just sit there and do it love.
What what's the matter?
Well darling I've just got to clean the chair up have n't I?
You made a bit of a mess here have n't you?
You make lots of extra work for your Mum you do, when you do this do n't you?
When you've got a potty sitting on the floor.
You chose it.
She wo n't be a problem now she's got nothing on.
And know how to how to teach her that trousers are n't nappies.
What do you want sweetheart?
Look do n't just aha aha aha mhm mhm, I want you to tell me what you want come along.
Pardon?
What do you want?
You want what?
Pops ah, wants a Polo pops.
Charlotte.
Ooh ooh.
Here you are then.
What's she barking about?
Go and what?
Well I think she's done all she needs to do for a little while.
You must try very hard Charlotte.
Cos when you've just got trousers on it's not the same as a nappy you know?
You'll have to remember.
Bit late now.
Are you going to do one on the potty now? are n't we?
Yeah Have you done something?
Have you?
Yes Mummy.
Ta.
Oh mm I was gon na go.
You been saving it up have you darling?
There's a clever girl clever girl You should n't really eat Polos like that though should you?
You're not sucking it, you're chewing it crunch, crunch it's not good for your teeth mind you Polos are n't good for your teeth are they?
Whether you suck them or chew them.
It's stuck well you eat that and then that's it now for the day nothing more.
No not yet, no later later you will, wo n't you?
Stand still my sweet there's a good girl How many of the things have you actually done out of.
out of any of these, have you done anything?
Just the first kit.
So when's the next one due out then?
Oh eleventh of.
July.
Tis pretty is n't it?
Well it wo n't have er it'll have the chart for it wo n't it?
It's very pretty.
Teach your child cross stitch I'll cross stitch charts to pull out and keep.
Er it's a bit of rubbish, I think you want to throw it away, there we are.
Leave your bottom alone.
You what?
Oops.
What do you want to cut?
I ca n't see you'll have to pick it up and show me I'm not climbing over the chair to look show me.
Mm?
Show me what is it?
I'm not coming on anywhere, I'm sitting down I'm having a rest Mummy's having a rest.
I kno know what you're doing, I can see you ought to be careful cos you'll fall down wo n't you?
Little bottom.
How's Alison doing at the moment?
We have n't spoken to them for a while?
Yeah?
Still busy?
Oh yes Jamie's picking up at the weekend, that's right.
Mm.
Two years ago.
Oh when Louis was born?
Bognor?
Careful!
Ha.
No you did n't like that one whe where you've had it in the water did you?
I do n't know Guy liked it and he went in it without anything on.
It did n't hurt him.
So.
Or even behind you.
Hello, I'm here yes, I have n't gone anywhere.
Well she we to start with she went I think it might of been that cos we put Guy in it I think, that might have upset her.
Because when she first had it, she loved it.
And we pushed her all round the pool but then we bought her a ring, just a ring nice little one an she's fine in that.
But she took a dislike to it for some reason, she would n't go in it.
But then that holiday was a bit unusual because she was n't well all the time we were there really not properly she had that virus that was mm.
that was getting at her before we left.
if you remember she still had it when we came home.
she was n't really very well got it in her ear.
The antibiotic.
stuff.
No that was the year before.
When she was six months old, this was last year when she was eighteen months.
Why?
No, cos she does n't know how to hold it properly, to do it it's one of these silly valves that you have to pinch to.
in order to get the air in Charlotte you're just going to wear yourself out darling I would n't bother do you.
want it blown up?
Do you want it blown up?
I'll blow it up for you if you want or Joelle will.
Do you want it to be blown up darling, to play with?
Yes.
But it I do n't think you can darling, you're not strong enough get on with it.
Yes, ooh dear excuse me early night tonight Amy permitting.
Well hopefully she'll be in reasonable mood when she wakes up.
Busy lot are n't you?
Ah.
It is the first of June tomorrow, yes.
When.
at home?
Have you decided to write to somebody?
What's she done?
I did n't see her hit you I want to hit you sometimes, except I do n't.
Yes, you will get a sore bottom be careful.
Charlotte please now come on get down.
Down!
Good girl.
It sounds like he's playing with the plates.
Do n't climb on the chair with your feet, your socks, come on you'll hurt yourself you sit down or get off!
Oh right.
Oh hello.
How are you doing?
Mind your fingers.
Thank you.
Do you want another drink before you.
depart?
Of?
I'm listening.
What else have you done?
Oh right.
A bit pooey!
In the greenhouse?
He's not going in there now it's are you sure it's not foxes or cats?
Does it?
Oh.
Mm.
Is the actual visual visible.
Oh Jessie filthy animal!
Well I suppose if it was raining one night she might have done.
Oh how disgusting!
Oh Charlotte please, stop whining.
Was a teeny bit was n't it?
Oh it's a spotty bum.
You want to go on your pot again?
I do n't think that's what you said was it?
Do you want to go on your potty?
Pops.
Pops is Polos.
Do n't worry.
Thank you very much it's much appreciated.
You do n't have to have a conscience.
He got a piece of glass for me did n't he?
Thank you.
Eh! nosey.
What?
Yes I've got one too, yes darling yes we're all the same.
We're all the same.
Oh Charlotte, stop please I ca n't.
at the moment darling, Mummy's back's hurting.
Down you go.
What's that?
Oh it was you.
I'd no idea something falling over what's that?
What the zoo?
Out the way lovey Out the way.
Yeah well you could n't put them back in the wild now.
Bred in captivity.
Possibly.
No it's not no it's not.
You can have a biscuit if you like.
Has she got a drink knocking around somewhere?
Oh.
Down, down, down left.
What're you doing?
No, there's a silver tin just there.
Come on out of the way, come on.
We've got some more in the tin.
That's mine Yes, well that was Dad's.
Somebody's been eating a lot of those have n't they?
I said somebody's been eating a lot of those.
I did n't have them dar no no there's no milk.
That's it thank you.
Which, oh they're the plain are they?
Perhaps I'll have two, cos I'm a pig cos I'm a pig.
Cos I'm a pig.
I'll have two.
Do you need any more, anybody?
I do n't normally but we went to Sainsbury's and they did n't have any milk.
Cos it was rejected apparently for.
too high temperatures.
So they did n't have any at all.
So I sent her off to Tesco's.
Right go and sit down.
Who are you writing to?
Who are you writing to?
Your cod mother.
I thought you were n't going to.
I wonder if he's caught anything?
All alright is it?
What did you see?
What what's the evidence?
What did you just.
Charlotte!
What do you say?
No you do n't say burp, you say pardon me.
Powerful was it?
Oh Charlotte.
I do n't know has she?
Oh.
She's probably about to.
As long as she does n't do that on the chair.
You do n't want more biscuits, no course not.
Careful love.
Pardon?
You take that in the swimming pool do n't you?
We go swimming next week did n't have swimming this week did we?
No she'll just tip.
No but it's it's actually got holes in for her legs so fair amount of her is underneath.
Well by the time she's finished this course she should be confident to hold on to things in the water, you know.
like a float or something.
Lellow?
Yes, you can speak normally to her she wi she will understand.
Expecting Nigel to be home from work early today or is he.
Oh.
Gets about does n't he?
I have n't seen him for a while actually.
No, five weeks I suppose.
Mm, we saw them the Saturday after we w Amy was born.
Eh?
No they had that before.
The word processor.
Amstrad.
Oh no they came over to er they just came over to see us well see us see a certain of new arrival.
And as she's five and a bit weeks old, it's five weeks.
cos she was only a bit then.
Yeah Nelson not Napoleon Trafalgar yes you know how to spell it?
You'll squeeze it.
What are you doing?
Charlotte, up you get please.
on your potty.
Go and sit on your potty.
or do you want a nappy on?
Charlotte do you want a nappy?
Potty or nappy which would you prefer?
You speak to Mummy please.
Come on darling.
It's alright I'll just keep I'll just keep my eye on her Where are you going?
I've got a feeling she wo n't.
unless she's got a nappy on.
I do n't well I could be wrong she might do it on the spot.
Probably just.
not in properly do n't worry.
Well say hello to them for us cos we have n't seen them for a long time.
Yes.
We should see him soon he was doing some er curtain tracks for us.
Yes we will have to get some curtains that fit in the bay go.
yes.
I do n't know.
I have n't decided yet.
No I have n't ordered any curtains, cor curtain rail.
What you hang the curtains on.
Nigel's going to come and fit it cos he works for a company who makes and he's doing them in every room.
Charlotte will you come here please?
Charlotte.
He is yes we're getting a text electric one in the dining room but the rest we're paying for.
You ran yes.
Well they'll all be erm they'll all have cords, you see.
which is nice.
Suppose so.
What is it what?
What do you mean, what is it for?
Well Nelson Battle of Trafalgar.
And the battle of Trafalgar.
Not Napoleon cos this this one thought it was Napoleon.
at the top of the column.
What was that, oh.
Does Nanny needs to sit on the pot.
Well where's Dolly's potty here it is.
Here.
What you mean there you'll go before he sees you.
Yes.
Hello.
Why what have you done, you've penned him in have you?
Speak English Charlotte.
Oh no.
Tis a funny girl.
And that's he or she.
He for a boy and she for a girl and it for anything.
Well look, you've lost the needle?
When were you last using it for knitting or for your tapestry?
It's probably it's probably stuck.
in a piece of er knitting.
Do we need to have the sound on this?
Oh mince, I've got to get it out of the freezer Bye.
Is there a lot of difference between fishing a in the evening?
That's true.
Have you now learnt how to do this tying or do you have to go and see Terry every time?
So you were n't concentrating when you were watching with him?
Is there not a book of angling knots?
It would n't reach it would it?
Oh look at all that sand.
Is it?
Ha.
Ooh.
Is that Ian Woosnam?
Well it looks like him.
You should n't tell stories like that.
It's like telling Joelle you have Paul Simon's.
Well you told her.
Your uncle tells stories sometimes.
only for fun.
Chin?
What you hurt yourself?
What did he do?
What did he do?
Oh right yeah.
Ooh.
Ooh I bet that was nice.
You alright now?
Oh dear.
Never mind.
She'll come in, sweetheart.
She wo n't just stay in the car, she wo n't want to stay in the car when she wakes up cos that's too boring.
Why do n't you give her till half past three?
Well it's alright it's not that long I suppose it's a long time when you're six.
Or five and a half even.
Got somebody else sticking his finger up his nose as well.
Here you are.
Aunty Carol.
Aunty Adam.
Well do n't squeeze your nose for the second time or it wo n't come that's better that's it.
Now you can go and put it in the bin.
Or in your pocket.
Patience Toby.
you have to learn to be patient.
Good things come to those who wait or he who waits or what is the pa.
Uncle Adam.
You call him Uncle Adam when you do n't see him.
Could we erm.
discourage the feet on the.
Stop changing the subject please.
In fact.
Oh.
Oh you do n't have to have anything.
Nobody's forcing you to drink Toby.
You'll have to check the grass before you go running around out there.
I think there's one just by the.
De-umpty.
Erm there's one just as you go out of the french window.
Well there's already half a tape full of Charlotte's bodily functions.
Accidents on chairs.
and things.
That's the longest two minutes I've ever seen.
It is.
getting shorter yes.
it's just taking a long time.
Three and a half that's right.
It's now about two and three quarters.
Yes it is.
Anyway do you think any of these companies that you've.
Eh?
Do you think any of the erm companies that have done business with Japan would have any such pictures?
Would you be prepared to ask them?
Who's that?
text.
You've thrown that big catalogue away?
Oh dear.
Oh in the roof?

Erm yeah but that's out of date is n't it?
Is n't that out of date that catalogue?
Well we could always tear the.
tear the regular pages.
out of the catalogue and fax them to Jack could n't we?
Eh?

You could remove the pages from the catalogue and fax them over to Jack you see.
No to see if it's the sort of thing that.
What's a twizzle stick?
Keeping you up are we?
It looks so easy does n't it?
Ha Do they never get interfered with when they go into the crowd but are or are people very good?
Not a lot of point having a fence there they were climbing over it.
Was n't that long.
Two hours.
The more you ask the longer it gets, Toby.
If you stop asking it'll get quicker.
What's that?
Are you on m.
Why do n't you just sit down somewhere?
Or go.
Goodnight then.
Goodnight.
Why not?
Why are n't you going to have a sleep, I'd like to have a sleep.
Had to did n't they?
Never mind too late now.
I'll think about it.
You look like you need a sleep.
Well you're yawning away there.
Ah ah ah ah ah ah.
Only cos you did.
I yawn now anyway cos I'm tired.
I've been up all night.
Well I suppose if I thought about it I could er put Amy in the hall and go and do some.
If I could be bothered to.
Yes it is is n't it?
It's a big problem.
What?
Well with all those people breathing down his neck it's probably put him off.
Is there anything you're going to want taped while you're out?
You're still going are you?
I do n't know mm I'm full of surprises Well I do n't think we need to add anything to that climbing frame do we?
Maybe we'll get the scramble net at some point.
Not cheap though are they?
Another forty quid or something.
Yeah oh good it's that film on again.
That film on again Well and truly into summer now are n't we, there's nothing on the television at all.
Squash?
Really?
Well it's only recently that she's started drinking orange juice I know But she has n't liked it at all.
No they're repeats.
I thought I recognised er the look of the film you were looking at just now.
Yeah I thought it was on a couple of weeks ago oh no it was the whatsit millionaire was n't it?
Have you had enough now little girl mm?
No? changed brands of coffee or something they're horrible I do n't know what she's doing different alright lovey, okay shush shush shush shush showing her little heart out is n't she?
Who's Catherine?
You be careful if you're looking at photos please.
you came with.
I think your dad's arrived Toby.
Yep, there he is can you reach it?
He's here, he is here, he just walked up the.
What a greeting.
Silly Grandpa's got your dolly.
Good day.
How are you?
Oh go.
What is it?
What is it?
Worn himself out er Have we?
Oh we've got a really ancient Adler.
up the in the roof I think it is still.
No it's in the roof pardon?
Yes love.
What is it?
What do you want?
Ooh.
What does that mean you get for supper?
He's just let let the cat out of the bag there did n't you?
Stirring?
Best stirrer in the business.
What?
That's.
Although.
although.
although, except the.
although oh what's although in French?
Wha what's the context?
Oh I ca n't think.
Honey can you remember what although is in French?
Although.
My brain's gone.
Well I suppose.
Have a look in the dictionary.
Have have a look in the dictionary and.
I ca n't think what it is.
Have a look and br bring the dictionary in and.
we'll tell you the right one cos there'll be several probably.
When you see.
He's going fishing.
It is with some photos.
Bring the photos then Toby as well.
Yeah.
No it's alright I'll.
Yeah.
No she's been awake and asleep and awake and asleep all day today there's no pattern today.
Brian there's some photos there I do n't know whether Toby's picked them up or not.
The party and the do and whatever.
Got them all?
Charlotte will you leave the money alone please honey could you put it out of reach please, love.
Say bye bye Toby.
Come here.
Do as you're told.
Oh dear.
Oh yes, say bye bye do n't we.
She does n't like anybody to go without her say so.
It's a bit too difficult for you to blow up is n't it sweetheart?
I do n't know what you're doing playing with that Goodness me!
What a pair of lungs.
Er lady I think.
Are you going to sleep now little one mm?
After all that milk you look pretty sleepy.
Do n't squash it.
He's nearly done it look is n't he clever no do n't do that love.
Charlotte leave him Charlotte!
Now the dog's joining in, oh that's wonderful.
She does n't like things that blow up does she?
Oops oops hello Jess all these blown up things all round the house no no no no no Charlotte do n't hit the dog, that's it you cuddle Jessie darling in your chair in your chair go on move I do n't know why she wants to play with that that's for crawling around with you do n't need to crawl any more Charlotte.
Oh Charlotte!
Charlotte let daddy blow it up.
Good girl There, all done what are you doing?
Do n't bite your nails.
Do n't burst it.
Oh little girl do n't cry do n't cry petal there you are.
Ah little one.
Droopy drawers.
Mm.
Standing next to the other one.
Does n't matter does it?
One leg up and one leg down.
Pardon?
Well she's just vaguely dropped off I'll have to see how long it lasts.
Very funny morning.
No way, if she comes running in here and says, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Is that the breasts?
No, I think I'll have a bit.
Mm.
So just one for you then all the rest to Charlotte, that right?
Two, four.
Ten fourteen and a half.
Two weeks ago, cos that adult slightly or the children slightly.
Said, I just said, get it from the erm.
And a bit more.
Try twelve.
Twelve pounds,.
The way she looks, she's about to wakening so.
See to that, I can see.
I like.
Are you home because you're home or are you going fishing or.
Soaps, no it's alright your dad's taken it, oh Basil going to call again, this all happened when I was out.
I dunno no.
He'll ring this evening.
This is n't new instructions for Wednesday morning.
Bork.
Borker his name is.
Who works.
That's who own the property.
His gon na show you round both of them.
Because she ca n't get there.
Mm, no, I know what you mean.
You can draw if you like, yes darling.
Right,.
Yes, do you like to put those in the tin.
That was a request from Charlotte, she's been demanding chocolate biscuits.
What?
are you going to interrupt my piano lesson tonight are n't you?, she's timed her feed wrong today.
Do you reckon?
Do you think she will?
I do n't think her daddy will be able to talk to her if she's hungry, somehow, will you.
Oh, look at her face.
You've had a nice afternoon have n't you?
Tell your daddy what you've been doing this afternoon.
Where did you go?
Silly car.
Where else did you go?
Where else did you go my darling?
Where did you go and take half an hour over choosing your books?
Where did you go?
I think somebody's in a silly mood.
They're in the kitchen darling.
They're in the kitchen, Joelle will give them to you if you go and ask.
Oh you've been to have you?
Sweetheart I would n't of known what to buy.
Is the leader just a leader or are there several different types?
Your.
Do what?
Well you can go on wanting you've just had a biscuit piglet.
Charlotte please no tantrums.
In a minute love, what?.
I was n't thinking about that, I was thinking about the way you were walking.
Are you talking to yourself?
So you're going to have to go poppet.
Ca n't you have, ca n't you find a book?
Yes, alright.
They're in the larder on the shelf right in front of you, about nose height, or somebody's nose height, I do n't know which or not, but they're right in the middle of the shelf.
Why did you take so long to choose your book Charlotte?
Oh she talked.
Mm.
Ask her if What?
My truck has lost what?
Trunk.
Right.
I've no idea.
Is it?
Oh right.
Joelle it's a poem.
You have to read it in a certain way.
Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da.
, I wanted, you have to be careful the books you get out.
You're going to be.
It's not much use if she's not going to with.
What?
Oh you've got in suctions there have you?
Oh you have n't, I was talking to daddy actually.
She's the same little girl and I want my potty.
I think so, I want my potty.
Blowing strange kisses to her mum..
What?
She probably ca n't understand Joelle.
What?
Bird.
Why?
I can laugh if it's funny.
Too late is n't it?
Had to ask people some people might object.
Say what you like.
Oh thank you.
Ah.
We have an addition.
Mm.
Not really no.
No.
Might as well have some light on the matter.
What, oh, perhaps cos I never We might just about be able to see.
You have n't got have you?
, I did n't know that one had gone, usually it's the bulb over there that had gone, but I find it so difficult to get at, you change it.
I did n't know this.
It seems to be gone for a long time.
I do n't know about this one,.
Oh, well, will, will shall, know it all without music now do n't you?
Well of course.
Mm, shall we start with, with a Tchaikovsky, see how that is going?
Mhm.
It's coming on very well, is n't it?
I'm afraid this last week has n't been wonderful for, for practice.

For practice.
I understand absolutely, I, I could say exactly the same so, do n't.
Lovely, very, very, good indeed, that, that is there now, sounds very good, just, erm, a few little things, would you try to give me more on the fifth finger, the E, the E flat, there, think of a crescendo, to that, want that come out, then, then it will, erm, I'm almost frightened to put a crescendo in because it was n't the, a big one.
No.
If I put that in, to remind you to bring that up.
Aha.
I thought this was most impressive, very, very good indeed, it it was, it sounded really very convincing, it did, worked beautifully, now, where, the only error as such, is this bar, you're making these much too long, you're making them almost crotchet length.
Mm.
But, so erm, just think there for a moment, one, two, one, two, and one, and two, and, you're going one and two and one and.
And.
So you're halving the tempo, but, it needs a slight roe that means just lead into it, so,, two and one, can do that, but you're doing,, and it's instable for ever.
Right.
And then, you know, it, it, makes that sound strange, so just watch that, that, erm, what if we just pick it up around here, just for me to hear that and get that right, we ought to be fine, any.

And one and two, that's it, got it, erm, the, better we just do to check that it's correct and to remind you for rhythm, is listen to those, because those are exactly the same as those.
Yeah.
Just once again this time.
Two and one and two and one and, now there you just make the crotchet a bit too short, erm, try until you get it into your system, which you will, just counting that, in, inside yourself.
Mhm.
And you'll find then that, that, that will fit, can you just adjust your?
This?
Yes.
Work out what fingers should be.
F sharp.
And one, two and and, you've got it, yeah, yeah, do it once again, and try, the other thing, is try not to hold down that D, as you play the C, it's not important, but, it's better if you do n't.
Oh goodness me, can I go home?
I want to have a look at, at this first, or the, the other piece or would you like to.
Yeah, maybe.
Yes, there, there has n't been.
This, this happens from time to time does n't it?
Oh I know, erm, with all of us, I understand completely, whilst that you feel a beat in it, erm, no where your left hand has to play, left hand seemed to be er leading a mind of it's own, yes.
All over the place.
Do it once again.
Yes.
, do it a bit slower, one, two, three, feel it, steady.
Yes, that, that was almost that you have a complex about it.
Still not right.
Well I did n't have,.
, but you do now.
Erm, it's, it's fine, it's, they were little slips, are you practising your left hand on it's own?
Eh, I have n't been this week.
I would.
I've just been doing it together.
I think just a few times.
Mhm.
would would help it, it's it's not quite secure enough, because it might have been before I arrived, but all the weaknesses show up.
Yes I know.
you know, so erm, I, I think a little left hand practice would solve it, I noticed that you put a five on that, I think it's better if you put a four.
Yes.
Whether you will or not is another matter, that, try it again, and no faster than that, very, very sturdy, very sturdy.
It needs practice.
Yes.
Well, because it's, it's rather a case of the blind leading the the blind, erm.
I think they're both separately, but they.
Yes, now you, you played stuff just as difficult as this, and there's no, no problem, do n't do it too quickly though, and, I do n't mind if it's not finished next week, or the week after, it's the quality we want, so, so, do n't, do n't rush it.
Just, if I were you I'd just do a little on it, every time you practised, and then put it away.
Mhm.
But, what, insist on, on left hand especially the little finger being really firm, so I shall leave you with that, that piece.

and wait excitedly, you know next week.
Mm.
How one pages the other six.
That's it.
Right.
Done it separately.
Oh yes,, then except miracles.
No I, no, I mean you really respond very well, that Tchaikovsky was lovely, I understand at the present you ca n't do as much and admirable as you're still doing.
Well I have to have something to do by myself.
Yes, well yes surely make that or otherwise you, if you give up everything.
Yeah, even if it's only ten minutes a day, at least it's something.
Oh yes, yes, I think we all need, even, even if, plain, life is full of playing games and the game can help you get through the day sometimes.
That's right.
So, right let's hear the right hand.
Yeah, just erm, that was fine, fingering here, erm, why do you put a, put a four on that, I, I would of thought that, that is more sensible, you put into the next note down, let's try that, er mm.

Now do you know where two is in your mind?
Mm.
, sorry the and, do you know where it comes in the troll?
In the middle.
Yes, on that F sharp, right.
Mm, one and two and, lovely, that's it, got it?
Mhm.
Though watch the beat there, then we'll be fine, good, let's go on.

Yeah, now, are you going to put an F you put a four on that, so if you're doing it there, do a four also.
What on the A you mean?
, yes on the A.
Oh right.
the same.
What was I doing?
Put a five.
Oh right.
making life difficult.
Difficult.
, just try it.

Then a four.
Good.
Yes, now I would n't slur those quite so much as I would make that all legato.
You try putting a thumb on the A, no do, do this slowly, making the whole thing legato.
The thumb da, da, yes, but, if you're in it's a cord of G, you'll put a two on the B, final note, and then go up to a five on a G, not a one, it's better to do that, see if you can try.
That's it, do you find that difficult?
No, just awkward.
If, if, if you ca n't, if you prefer to put a one there cross it out with a vengeance.
Well I.
Take a rubber to it.
I try to.
And, it's, it's better roll than keep on using the thumb to get you out of the keyboard but, if, I do n't want it to spoil.
Well I see, if it, if it.
See how it goes, but that's, that's good, now let me just.
Good, very good.
Yes, very good, and you're sure you have n't put a three on that are n't you?
Of course.
Good nothing wrong with that, nothing wrong at all, now I think rather than set you something new, it's better to, try to get another bar.
Think so.
So, concentrate on this and I'm, I'm, must get round to, I'm sorry my life has been in turmoil because of the, the dog situation, Jean and I have n't been up to the West End, but erm, I, I know which book I want, I want to get you, erm, and yes, I want you to do this, so and this actually it's very good, very difficult, good, do a bit of technic.
Mm, shall we?
Why not?
Have you, have you been spending hours on the technic?
Oh absolutely.
The.
Would you prefer not to?
All I've been doing is well, I've been training, scales and arpeggios.
Oh yes.
Two hands doing it.
Oh, yes, you've had a lovely time.
Wonderful time, it's loopy, it's up there somewhere.
Well stop it doing that.
Where?
This one is n't yours.
, is up there.
Wonderful, that's it.
That's it.
I have n't done all of them.
No, no, what, what have you done?
Erm, well I've done C.
Yes.
And I've just about managed to get staccato in the right hand.
Do you a lot of good, you'll thank me for it one day.
You try it the other way round.
But do now, what you find easiest,.
Do n't find any of it easy.
That's a funny balloon is n't it?
That's funny.
Big man, yes, right, you have a look at the magazines.
You want a Postman Pat, oh we'll see if we can find you a Postman Pat, mm.
No.
We'll go and find Postman Pat, there might be up there, go and have a look, you have a look?
There Postman Pat there, oh you've got that one, you have to wait until next week, alright, O K, we wo n't buy that cos you've already got it, O K, ooh, ooh, are you with me?
Are you sulking?
You listening would you like some bananas?
You want bananas see.
How about please?
There we are, you ca n't have it until I've paid for it sweetheart.
Charlotte, that's enough.
Enough.
said I want, I want, because you wo n't get anything, right one bag of potatoes.
Can you try and keep still, right, potatoes.
You being a car?
Mm, are you being a car?
What man?
There's lots of men.
Lots of men in the garden are there?
I do n't think so.
What you want to look at?
You do n't know, let's, let's, have the list, there we are.
What do we need?
I do n't know.
You've got some Postman Pat shapes at home.
You've got, there's no need to buy any more do we?
Yes, alright I'll get one, one thing.
You want to hold it, here you are then, you hold it.
Oh, right, do I need any cereal today?
Oh any, you're going to fall out of this are n't you?
Pardon?
One, two, three, what?
Oh, are.
What we need, what we need.
is.
You never watched Lady And The Tramp for a long time have you?
No you have n't.
Yes I do, when do you do?
When did you watch Postman, I'm sorry, erm.
When did you watch Lady And The Tramp?
I know where you watched it, I'm asking you when you watched it.
Would you like some chicken for dinner?
Shall we cook a chicken?
Oh Charlotte stop whining.
Well I do, I'm very sorry, I want to have chicken, so there.
Will you please be careful what you're doing with that tin.
It's dangerous.
Now where are those little, biscuits we had before?
Oh hello, how are you?
Oh yes.
How are you anyway?
Yeah.
Oh, alright.
Exhausted.
Oh yeah hard work with two.
Are you going to say hello?
Do n't be rude come on, say hello, do you remember Lynn?
Have n't seen you for a long time have you?
Ha, how's Natalie?
Does she, doing exams yet?
Is that?
She's started?
How's she doing?
Oh.
Pardon?
No.
I think somebody's tired.
Yes, do come pop in.
We're usually there.
We do n't get out much at the moment.
Oh yes, and the big one.
Twelve pounds now.
Yeah, she's only coming up for six weeks, mm, a monster.
No it's a girl.
Mm another girl, I know.
No, two girls that's nice, we got two girls, they've got two boys, Brian and, so that's alright,, we're quite happy.
Someone to pass the eh clothes down to, innit?
Charlotte I've got to finish, get home and feed this monster, do n't do that please.
O K, see you soon, yeah, bye.
Charlotte.
Do n't cry.
Do you like these?
Do you like these?
, we'll get some of those, I'll put them in, in the trolley, come on, now Charlotte please do n't start being naughty, do n't start.
Charlotte mummy get cross with you if you start this nonsense, just got to get some dog food and some bread then we can go home, O K?
Do n't you say no to me.
You do n't want me to get cross do you?
I do n't want to get cross.
Oh I know, we need some more raisins do n't we?
Shall I go and buy some more raisins?
Mm.
Difficult to pick up this is n't it?
Oh you ca n't hold that?
Right let's find the dog food.
Food for Jessie.
Right you stay there, mummy get the dog food.
We do n't need cat food.
We do n't need cat food, we have n't got a cat, silly girl.
We do n't need cat food.
You only buy cat food if you've got a cat.
And we have n't, got a meow.
Just a minute get some of this.
Mm?
What do you like?
What?
What's in there, we've got biscuits, I'm just going to get some raisins, alright, they're just up here, you stay there.
Here we are.
You want some now do you?
Alright, I can open this up, I got the little box, there you are, just a minute and, oh Charlotte, oh you are a menace, there you are, now you be quiet for a minute will you?
Let's get some peas, I think that's it then.
Right, O K, now we can go, now we can go home.
Mm, later, alright?
Right, you've got, they're hidden away at the moment, I'll put them in the bag, alright?
We find some more later, promise.
Oh Charlotte do n't whine.
We'll go home and have some lunch and then Joelle will be back from school wo n't she?
That'll be nice wo n't it?
Yes.
does she?
You want biscuits, well we've got some biscuits, but you'll just have to wait a minute, I ca n't unpack everything now, alright, right let's see if we can find the car Get you two in the car first I think, right then, oh, what a heavy trolley full of food Oh dear, dear, dear, will you please put your feet down Charlotte, stop me being kicked.
Where's the sun, where's the sun gone?
Oh it's gon na rain now.
Right, now, will you climb into your seat for me?
Get into your seat lovey, come on quick, quick.
There's a good girl, up you go, mummy.
mummy do the straps for you.
I do n't think you can, can you?
Go on you try, you start and I'll see if I can plug it in.
You gon na plugged it are you?
Alright there's the other bit, see if you can do that, I'll put the shopping in the boot.
Sit still lovey, come on get your hands out, now put your bottom in the seat properly, so I can do this, there we are.
Alright, alright, off we go, let's go and get some petrol, otherwise we wo n't be going anywhere will we?
If we run out of petrol, wo n't be very clever.
It's all raining, is n't it nasty?
Oh it's not very cold.
It's not cold, just wet.
You're nice and warm in there are you?
Eh?
You're nice and warm, I'm very glad you're nice and warm.
It's raining, yes.
Mm.
Mm?
Right, now here we are, this the right kind of petrol.
Right, now you be a good girl for a minute, while I'll fill up the, fill up the car alright?
What did you say?
Doll's going where?
Oh, right.
Dad's a what?
Silly tape, why's it silly?
No do n't touch it sweetheart please.
No, I'm not listening at the moment.
Are you dancing?
Mm.
You what?
Ca n't you see?
Ooh Amy such a noise.
, you going to do your jigsaw now?
No I ca n't at the moment sweetheart, because I'm feeding the baby.
You have a go, I'll help you afterwards.
No, do n't you want to try?
I do n't need to try now.
Why?
Yes.
What do you mean what do I want to do with it?
Oh, I'll put it outside.
Put a plant in it or something.
Do n't want to throw it away.
If there's room in the cupboard by the back door, put it in there, otherwise, we'll put it in the shed.
You'll find room for it somewhere.
Charlotte.
What you doing?
Why do n't you bring her and put her in your dolls pram?
Mm?
I ca n't hear what you're saying darling, you better come in here so I can hear you.
You do n't want what?
You do n't want to get wet?
Well you're not going in the rain are you?
You wo n't get wet here.
No you wo n't get wet.
What?
I wo n't, I wo n't Oh Amy you are hungry monster, oh.
Your drink's on the table darling, here, ca n't you see it?
A red cup.
What you looking for love?
Where's another what?
What you looking for?
What is?
What is n't?
What's in the dining room?
Your drink's here love, it's on the table right in front of you.
No your drink's here, I can see it, it's on the table in a red cup.
Oh Charlotte.
You've found another one.
How many drinks have you got?
You do n't want that oh.
What's wrong with that one?
Is that not a good one?
Is it empty?
Mm.
You're falling down, oh, how careless.
No, no, no, no.
No you ca n't look at them at the moment.
I'll look at them with you later, but you ca n't look at them by yourself.
I will, later.
Mm.
Pardon?
Oh.
You're at home are you?
She put, why you being cross?
Who, who you talking too?
Oh Joelle told you to go to sleep did she?
Aha.
Did you go to sleep?
Were you a good girl?
You did go to sleep did n't you for a long time?
Long time.
I think what?
No what, oops, not until Thursday, Tumbletots on Thursday.
Do you need to sit on your potty?
Charlotte are you listening to me, ooh, ooh, wakey, wakey, do you need to sit on your potty?
You sure, alright, you tell me when you do.
Right, well remember where you've left it then, so that when you want your drink you know where to look.
Yes I can see it's here.
Yes.
Oh you going to put them both together.
Oh that's nice and tidy.
That's right.
You do what you like with them.
O K.
It's very pretty.
Charlotte, come sit on your potty, quickly.
Charlotte please, do as I ask you, come along.
Yes, well you go and sit on your potty and do it, there's a good girl.
Charlotte if you want to do a poo, you must do it in your potty.
Where you want, where do you want to do it?
Well, will you come and sit on your potty then?
You take your dolly for a walk.
Oh dear.
Mummy's tired.
Oh sleepy babies.
Has your baby gone to sleep too?
This one's nearly asleep.
I'm glad to hear it, I do n't want my foot hurt.
You sit down?
What does he eat?
I know, he says yum, yum, yum, what does he eat?
He eats funny things does n't he?
Can you remember?
What?
He does n't eat bread and butter like you do, does he?
What does he eat?
Mm, can you remember?
No?
Mm.
Mhm Right you going to sleep for ten minutes, no, what a noise.
Does your baby make noises too?
Amy makes a lot of noise, does n't she.
What's you dolly's name?
It's called Mrs Jacobs is it?
Oh.
Oh you're going to put her in how you started, that's alright.
Amy's not using it at the moment, oh goodness me.
Careful that does n't fall on you Charlotte.
You being careful?
Mm.
Do n't want you to get a bump on the head do we?
Wonder if your daddy's caught any fish yet?
Careful sweetheart, careful.
Do n't break the straps will you?
Cos we need them.
Mm.
Well you've got your own little car seat for your doll, look it's on the cupboard, up here, that's your special one, is n't it?
No that one is, is Amy's.
Oh you can put dolls in it as well, but when Amy wants to sit in there, you can put your doll in the other one, ca n't you?
Alright?
You can, you can leave her in there for now, cos Amy's not going anywhere.
We're not going anywhere now, not today.
Not today we're not, no.
Unless she comes here, but she might pop in.
Mm.
But where are we going tomorrow?
Can you remember?
Where?
No we're not going to Sue, we're going swimming.
Now, tomorrow.
You want to go to the swimming pool?
Yes.
Take you swimming.
And when we come back, when we've had our lunch we're going to see William.
Would you like to go and see little William?
Would you?
Well I expect William will have a drink, yes, and I expect you will too, what you doing?
There's two cups there, they're yours are n't they?
They're yours, not William's.
You might see Georgina as well tomorrow.
Oh yes.
Yes but Georgina's going to see William too.
Yes you are.
No, Georg Georgina is going to see William, so we'll all be together with William, that'll be nice wo n't it?
You're going to drink all of them.
Not both together, sweetheart you'll just spill it Your a little comedian you are, are n't you?
Oops, careful.
Ooh did it go bang on your foot?
Move it then.
Here you are, here you are madam, here you are madam, who you calling madam?
What the handle?
I ca n't at the moment, I'll do it in a minute for you.
Well, I think Joelle's a bit busy too.
I think Joelle is busy, oh dear.
Careful, oh it's a bit heavy for you.
A bit heavy for you.
Mm.
She's gon na fall out is n't she?
If you tip the chair up she will.
Oops there she goes, poor dolly.
Oh dear.
Oops.
No.
In here.
Oh.
Have n't you had enough yet little girl, mummy's getting ever so tired, oh what doing?
Well you try that one then, you see what happens.
No, do n't think that one goes does it?
That's it.
Not right there, no.
How about this one?
There we are, eh, what about that one?
Do you?
I think you might be right.
Yes, oh now that one might join on quite near, might n't it?
No, turn it round, turn it round.
A bit more, where the colours fit in, that's it, that bit, oh you're a clever girl, right now have a look at that piece, and see if you know where that goes.
What's that little, what's that little pink thing?
That Spot's tongue?
That's right, turn it round just a little bit more.
No, no, look there's another little piece of his tongue, there look, so if you turn that round, that goes on there does n't it?
No you've turned it right round again, you silly billy, turn it round, turn it round, that way, that's right, that's the way it goes Right now we need another piece do n't we?
Perhaps that piece goes on there somewhere, is that a piece of his nose?
Mm.
Right, let's see if we can find another eye, is that an eye?
Well you have n't put the nose on yet, go on, put the nose on.
Yes you can, there, solved, no that's wrong is n't it?
That piece first I think.
That's it, then we've got that piece the other way on it, that goes in there, that's it.
Right now we want to, that's it, that's the bit with his spot, big brown spot.
I do n't know, I'll have to go and get here, sha n't I?
Well let's hurry up and finish this, then we'll put her in her chair, and she can watch, one goes there, think that one goes there?
Yeah, and what about that one?
What this one, try that one in that hole there.
That one there, that's right.
There we are, there you're alright, O K, now there's his tail, that goes up there, and try that one, see if you can see where that goes, oh what a clever girl, and that one, no there look, there's only two holes left, that one and that's the other one with his foot.
Where do you think that goes?
It goes on there, well done, let's turn it round and see the whole, whole thing, there you are, there's a great big picture of with his tail falling off, there we go.
Can we, oh, how nice.
Oh put Spot back in his box, there's his box, I'll go and get Amy and put her in her chair, and she can watch you do Spot, alright?
Just a minute, mummy help this, there you go Amy, you sit down there.
You sit down there.
What you doing?
Want to do Thomas now?
Mm.
There you go then, now we can do Thomas.
What, you coming to help, I'm not doing it by myself, there's the other pieces there look Oh Charlotte that's naughty, go on pick them up now, please.
I'm not going to pick them up when you just throw them around like that.
Charlotte please, pick the pieces up.
There's two more pieces on the table.
What've you found?
What is it?
What are you eating, tell me.
a delayed reaction.
No no do n't.
They're at you, cos they do n't know what you're doing.
It's a good game is n't it?
You think there's more grub around, well you can keep on thinking.
Erm, I'd like something to drink, I do n't think I want coffee.
A cup of tea I think.
Do n't be Charlotte.
Mm, and wait.
I'm tired, I need you to do a few things for me.
Prepare the thing.
Oh you've broken another one, oh you must cut them.
Where is it?
Show me which finger it came off..
It's supposed to.
So.
It was n't going to leave until half past three, four o'clock, he would've arrived at fishing at half past five, he's gon na be late, unless he does very well very quickly, then he wo n't be late.
He wo n't be here for dinner probably.
Mm.
They're already made you just have to prepare them.
There's half a potato left from yesterday, which I'll give to her.
Shall I?
Shall I give it to you?
Yeah, you'd like some chicken for your tea tonight?
It's not tea any more is it, it's dinner.
It used to be tea, but now she stands up.
Who's face is that?
oh that's right, turn it round cos I ca n't see the face, there, that's the way it goes, that.
it's getting heavier.
No, oh you had it right the first time, oh no you did n't, you need a face, find a face, look.
No, that goes over the other side of it, that's the other corner.
Charlotte mind the box.
Oh that piece can go there ca n't it?.
Erm, I think twelve.
I do n't know, what are we today third?.
Going to be busy on Saturday morning are n't you?
Oh there's plenty of card shops in Croydon.
Mhm.
And that one, that's it.
You going early?
What you've called Alice.
That's the time you're going to get up or the time you're going to leave?
Well what happened on Sunday?
You do n't get up until ten o'clock.
Oh that's early.
And you went to watch children's television?
Yes.
You went to watch the television, I heard you.
Oh it was n't, oh.
Oh, intellectual cartoons was it?
What is it?
What?
Charlotte do n't climb up there, get down.
Mm.
I'm not saying you should n't, I was just laughing.
Mm.
You reckon you'll be able to do that by nine o'clock?
Careful sweetheart.
She's having fun.
You having fun little girl?
My little girl.
Mm.
What.
Something inside it.
Yes, it's got milk.
Well at this age they're all tummy, going, they're just like, big, big, big tummy, they're.
What about it?
Mm, then it will change.
What would you expect?
It's only breast milk it's like that, if they have bottles, bottled milk it's more solid from the beginning, but it's not nice, this is n't bad, messy, but it's not smelly.
Well you've changed Charlotte's nappy, that's enough for anybody.
Some of those are pretty nasty, mind.
Gently..
Are you lot going back to keep fit?

So you can go if you want.
What you doing?
Oh, you've found two pieces.
Oh, draw me two lovely pictures then.
Start and finish.
Oh dear.
did n't.
Oh.
Well it's the same with all these, it's like pictures and diet books, all people are always skinny.
You have to do something quickly before you see your mum.
I think, I actually I hid, where does it come out again?
I put the book away, it's come out again.
Somebody must of found it.
Yes.
Yeah, well, she did n't know how to.
Oh dear, just a minute.
Put it on the piano, or somewhere, where she ca n't reach it.
Would you mind doing the beans now Joelle, cos it wo n't be ready otherwise, it wo n't be ready in time for dinner.
What?
Have you not had much energy recently?
Talk about vintage cars outside, inside I think.
Very clever of her, boast at the same time.
What did you miss aerobics then?
That's not on Weightwatchers is it?
Do you think you could go and serve you and Charlotte.
I do n't think so.
I do n't think I'm going to be able to.
Give her a little bit of eh leg meat, yeah.
Leg meat.
And there's half of baked potato in the fridge if you can scoop it out of the skin and heat it up.
Pardon, not hit it, heat.
Stop crying Did you have a nice weekend?
At the weekend?
What on Saturday?
it's not open on Sunday.
Oh this is the jacket that mum said.
Shall we, shall we turn this off now?
No we not, alright.
We leave it alright.
Is the television control behind you?
Could you turn the volume down.
That one.
It's like arrows, that's alright, we're not turning it off love, do n't worry.
That's it, it's wonderful, I do n't think we need it quite so high, when we're not concentrating.
So what, what you do, what sort of type of things did you get?
Oh right.
Yeah, but there's cotton and there's cotton.
Oh.
Oh right.
Oh.
it probably looks half is n't it?
Wear it as a skirt as a jacket blouse.
With a plain, that goes in one of the colours.
Oh well mum will enjoy herself wo n't she?
Well I expect Jamie can, get as much, get as far as a button your blouse.
She did do some sewing at school did n't she?
So she should n't be completely.
Well she's not got a machine anyway has she?
Charlotte you do n't read books when you're watching the television.
Did you hear how, oh suppose you have n't spoken to her since the party have you?
What's the cake like?
What did she do?
Oh cos do My Little Pony some time ago though, frantically looking for a pattern you know a magazine or something.
Wonder what Charlotte's passion will be by her next birthday, at the moment it's Postman Pat.
Mind anything Disney at the moment will probably go down a treat.
Anything Disney will probably do down a treat, like Lady Amd The Tramp, Sleeping Beauty or something.
Have you, have you not seen it?
But you do n't remember it.
I do n't know how much of it I remembered, cos I've seen it so often now, mm, ca n't remember the first time I saw it Did n't know.
Lady to the rescue.
I use.
I hope you do n't get wet.
Cos I do n't know what time Adam will be back he's fishing.
Oh you can just jump in the bath.
You can wake up now, got to change your nappy,, mucky nappy, mm.
Why what say?
Oh it's normal now.
Yes, she has now.
Well, she her, her sleeping habits during the day change to afternoons, and, well today she's been she had about two hours this afternoon, so if we did our normal and gave her tea at five o'clock, and send them up for a bath at half past six, there's no way she'd be asleep.
So we sort of switched all around now, so she eats with us at half past six stroke seven, goes up for a bath at seven thirty, eight o'clock and she's in bed by nine, then she, she's usually asleep by half past ten, but eh, it seems to have cured the problem we had with her, wanting, wanting me all the time, after she's gone to bed.
So, seems to be working.
Well this one seems to go to bed a bit later now, so she goes longer, but she's feeding all day today,, I'm at every couple of hours, so with a bit of luck, I'll finally put her to bed maybe half past nine ten o'clock, she might go through till three or four, which is n't bad.
It's usually half past nine till, I was n't so good last night, she went until two, but then she did n't wake up again until seven.
Manages to do long stretches at night, which is nice.
And then she went to sleep again until ten, on our bed.
She's reluctant to go back in her own bed, so I just point her over me shoulder and lay and said get on with it an insult.
lose his sense of smell in the wet.
Richard had any more pets recently?
You have n't had one.
Oh, good luck, eh.
We listened to some karaoke tapes this afternoon.
Well, bought a couple for Adam, his.
Not to sing, he wants them to play the guitar with.
So we listened to them and had a laugh,, teeny weeny what's it, polka dot bikini they're quite funny here.
He wanted boppy ones, so he, you know, he could do a Hank Marvin you know?
But erm, I think he should have a bit of fun with those.
We bought one each for the girls.
oh well, ca n't have everything.
well there's a good, a good bit of scope for eh, playing do n't you?
Good bit of scope, a bit of.
Oh yeah, all the, all the lyrics are in there.
Why I suppose being all those sort of songs, everybody knows them.
Alright come on you.
holding your head up.
Getting a strong neck are n't you?
Mm, well it's not quite using my shoulder a bit, she does her press ups put her on her stomach,, mm.
Oh.
Lovely chicken.
It's finished now, just about.
Love some, yes you do.
You want what?
Off you go then you go have your, your dinner.
Yes it's finished, it's finished.
Turn the television off then, go on you push the button.
There you are that says the end, that means it's finished.
That's it, off you go then, you go and have your, go and have your dinner I'll see you in a minute.
Bye, bye, go and have some din din.
Go on off you go love.
Oh dear, oh dear.
I'll cry if I want to.
, do n't cry, oh Amy.
What you looking for?
Quick.
Come on let's go and change your nappy little one shall we?
They're doing a, I've got a piece of paper somewhere with it all written on, I'll show you, they're doing a piece of research with a company that does dictionaries and a university, to put together a load of modern usage.
Like, has a, like the girl that came talked about it, like for example, people are using wicked, good.
So there's, obviously lots of other pieces, English at work as well.
So I've been left with a load of tapes, batteries.
Mm, as often as I can until further, she left all the.
Brilliant little machine actually, well it's only a Walkman, but the microphone is incredibly.
Yeah.
Clever.
It is really.
Let's go and do a bit of spying.
Oh yes,, you could just quite, quite a lot in it, quite vocal she is.
Mm, mum and dad, Brian and Lynn, erm, no, no not Brian and Lynn, Brian, Brian and Pauline, Bett, my piano lesson's on there yesterday.
Mm,, piano playing's not so beautiful, but, is when he plays.
If he's showing me something, or is, before, I start a new piece, he'll always play it.
No, well certainly not the first time I play, it, I approach it when he thinks I've finished, but it's nowhere near, I mean.
Mm.
concerts and things, but you can, you can tell, with just, just by listening that it's not just any old body tinkling on the piano, it's wonderful, it makes you sick.
Well I hope she'll be interested enough to, but, not really before she's six, cos I asked him last couple of times ago, he said, what sort of age, cos obviously the size of the hands comes into it, they ca n't do too much, but he said he would n't consider before six and you ought'a have to take the parents into consideration, of a child that age you got ta have a parent who's prepared to sit there and make sure the child does what he's set them to do, because, oh Amy, you not getting any out of that.
Have you finished it?
Ha, you big lump.
No wonder she puts on half a pound a week.
Mind you erm, I mean that's not, it's normal, I expect you to put between six, six ounces and eight ounces.
Oh dear, oh dear, it's a hard life is n't it?
How you doing?
Oh of course, Wednesday.
Oh my.
Oh my goodness,.
Oh right.
You cycle home from here and then?
Oh, for the weigh in?
Oh dear.
Ca n't really cycle with a floating skirt on either, can you?
Well, they would n't expect you to would they?
Well you do n't, you do n't really look as if you need to lose weight cos it's probably why you got a few stares, it's like all the diet books that have sylphlike people on the front.
Guess the weight of a Suzie.
Oh yes, you say I'm on a diet, they say oh well you have lost a lot of weight then.
Adam's mum's like that.
She knows you're dieting, every time she sees you, ooh you've lost a lot of weight.
But not every day, it loses value does n't it?
Plus the different clothes you wear.
Well as you, as you get smaller, two pounds does notice, it's when you're.
when you're bigger, and you've got a real lot to lose, and two pounds is nothing.
Two pounds is actually quite a lot.
Good evening.
My goodness me how many have you caught?
Have you got a whopper in there?
Goodness.
So, so your new leader did the trick.
God you need, my god.
Ah.
Good grief, what's it weigh?
Wow.
Who shall we have over for dinner?
That's amazing.
Wow.
It's a fish kettle job is n't it?
It's a very unusual colouring.
It's spotty it's spotty, ha.
Wow.
Oh well done you've got him.
No good talking to me about top and bottom length, cos I do n't know what you're talking about.
Oh right.
Trying to escape.
You mean someone?
Give up.
Oh, well done you did it.
Poor Joelle she's got some work to do.
What she, cos her mum's got a fish shop, she knows the way of cleaning fish without you cutting them,, pulling it all out from, through the gills.
And of course they, they stay whole and they're beautiful when they're cooked.
I do n't I'll tell Adam everything, he can do it himself.
I'll cook them.
Careful.
I'll cook them and eat them.
He can catch them and gut them.
Charlotte I wish you would n't do that because you keep sliding, one day you're going to slide and hit your face.
Not it's actually a step for the bathroom.
so she can stand at the basin.
Mm, it's not meant for.
Oh Amy have n't you finished?
Come on, just got ta get your.
Oh back?
Why I do n't think it's in the kitchen is it?
I do n't suppose there would be a rainbow would there?
What they made of?
Is it cotton and lycra?
Ooh.
No..
Oh right.
Only leggings.
They catch the calf at the wrong place or something.
I have no idea, I have n't taken Nurofen for donkey's years, so I do n't know what the situation is.
They're either in the, in the erm, little cupboard in the downstairs loo or they're in the bathroom.
He has some work to do I gather.
I did trout.
What a trout.
Yes, big one.
Not to be given away..
Then you can have a bath, ha.
I meant bath for Charlotte.
You have n't got stumpy legs.
Yeah, I know what you mean.
If you find something unacceptable there's not much point.
Not in front of the husband.
Cycling.
Well done.
So she's got them.
While you go find some what?
You got some in your, I was just going to say in your handbag, in your briefcase?
How many more?
Yeah, yeah they're nice.
She got those from M and S, did n't she?
Cos they looked really nice with that jumper she wears.
Soon be twins.
concerned about it.
Got some.
Do we need, me to buy some more?
Better be without the Paracetamol for the last ten, eleven months or more.
Mm.
Well I mean, I do n't know, I did n't ask any doctors, cos, we normally have Nurofen, but I did n't ask any doctors whether they were acceptable in pregnancy or not, I just assumed they were n't, cos nurses said last time,, that eh Paracetamols was alright.
Paracetamol is alright when you're breast feeding.
It was very difficult misses, you always have it both ends of your, go on spit it out, spit it out, go on, you've got a mouthful there.
More,, oh, oh dear, go on.
Quick what?
Quick what?
She's getting worried about the door.
Yes.
Yes, whenever anybody knocks or rings.
Funny girl, I remember she sat there and said do n't worry it's only daddy.
I said no it's not daddy, who is it?
When she found out it was you, she was alright.
She got worried about my piano teacher when he arrived yesterday.
No, Aunty Suzie got to go home.
Change your nappy again have n't we little one?
Oh Amy darling.
What she say?
Do n't worry little girl, oh it's a hard life, oh sweety poppet.

Right come on.
Aversion to work.
She was asking me what Brian it was, you were talking to her.
My, what does it mean?
Put her up put her on her side.
Yeah when they go out hospital for Charlotte the babies the night.
and there was one baby who was climbing out of the cot.
then they put them on their stomach.
and then turn them.
So that they're getting a even tanned.
But this one was virtually almost out of of the cot.
It was really incredible.
She might not have had it all.
I do n't know whether Charlotte's.
I do n't want to have to disturb this one.
Wo n't be able to put her back to sleep.
But we have to though wo n't we?
Yes you're being good are n't you?
Oh dear!
More close.
Hello Georgie.
Hello!
Hello then!
Well I'm not the best in the world at having somebody else living in the house.
It's easier to start with until you sort of get used to somebody.
overlap get annoying and things.
But it's not as bad really.
She's only eighteen that's that's.
Let her out!
Ha ha.
If she wants to go.
No.
No no she's not that sort.
She started she's that, she made friends with one or two of her colleagues so she goes to the cinema of an evening.
It's impossible.
She does n't do it at home, she can easily go out.
They are required.
they are required to do five hours work for you a day.
Six days a week.
One free day off.
And a reasonable amount of space.
So obviously eating's generally theirs.
Just sort of you could reasonable expect them to baby sit two or three times you know.
Yes it is.
Uh uh yeah.
Actually for me it's probably the best thing.
Not having to have meals done if I'm busy.
I am.
Taken care of.
That's why I make sure I've got a couple of hours where I'm really with her almost exclusively overlap too easy otherwise.
You know take her out and things like that.
Or in this sort period before things actually settling down into a routine.
Once she's in a routine a bit more then but we are still trying to do as many.
The circles in the groups that you've been going to.
Ahm well I have had uh yeah I mean I have had people if I'd really wanted to but I mean we've had baby sitters and things like that.
I mean I'd prefer really to find a teenager.
An eighteen year old or something like that eighteen seventeen eighteen nineteen year old something like that who would like you know a fiver or tenner.
Have your neighbours got?
Oh right.
wait is n't it.
Once you get to know people well it's nice is n't it?
It all used to be quite lovely before we had.
And then they're being sponsored for Romanian Orphans.
to raise money to take the equipment out there so that.
So that they can actually get out of their cot and have a move for five minutes but.
But it's not easy I mean you know I was reading an article ages ago a few months ago actually and saying you know if you think about it the sort of revolution was over a year ago and still the government has n't done anything about it and I mean like a lot of provisions that have been brought into Romania sort of go in the front door and out of the back door and you know they sort of sent those of supplies like contraceptions and things like that for the women and overlap.
You have n't got a chance.
They're currants.
Currants.
Do n't ask me.
It's just a different dried fruit and the other ones are sultanas the brown ones the bigger ones.
Oh sort of yes.
We must make a cake.
We do n't have to but I'd like to want to get rid of some of this flour.
Let's do a chocolate one today and I think somebody else.
What sort of biscuit?
What sort of flour do you need?
Yes but has is it um plain flour or flour that raises itself?
There was something in it?
For raising?
You do n't put something else in as well to make it.
Okay.
That's all right.
As that's what we've got a lot of.
It's good self raising flour.
It's all right do n't do n't need the just just what else do you need apart from that?
No no no come on do n't play with that love please pick it up quickly off the floor do n't walk on it.
It's Amy's blanket love I do n't want it all over the floor.
Out of your nose out of your nose Charlotte please.
Yuk!
Err!
Where is your dolly?
Put put Dolly in the push chair Charlotte.
Do n't make a big thing of it.
The more you ask her to stop the more she's going to do it.
I know, nor do I but the more you talked about it the more she'll do it.
Sure.
Charlotte careful.
Yes you are mind the table Charlotte there's drinks on it.
Can we?
You do n't want to go down to the slides yet?
Well you'll have to because she ca n't swim yet.
Three months when she's three months she'll be able to.
Well if you want to.
No that's not for you.
No it's not Joelle's and it's not Mummy's.
No it's not well it's Mummy's at the moment but there's two ladies coming back to collect it tonight.
You can see?
Yes I'm glad you can see.
No it's not your present.
It's not a present.
It's lots of tapes.
It's lots of tapes.
Croydon Croydon.
If we go to Croydon do you ever go to clean your shoes.
Every time I look at it I see these bits of chocolate you spilt on it.
Have you?
Very well.
Yes if we go to Croydon.
What?
Oop mmm.
Do n't you?
Charlotte do n't jump.
She's changed a lot since she's been here?
What?
she had a different hairstyle.
Oh dear!
What have you got in there what have you got?
Is that your Lego?
Is that Lego in there?
You gon na make Mummy something?
Oh Amy do n't cry now.
Where must we go?
We must go to Penge you mean.
Did n't sound like Penge.
She's a cheeky little monkey.
Cheeky cheeky.
What do you need to buy for your bunny?
Oh stuffing.
What's the matter sweetheart?
Your eyes hurt?
You going to have a sleep after lunch today?
Not a choice no.
I do n't think so no he'll probably going tomorrow.
He's having a look to see how much work he's got in the office today and if he has n't got enough to worry about going to work tomorrow he's just going to go fishing tomorrow.
They have n't decided yet whether my car is going up to his office or to fishing.
Hmm I must go to Croydon must n't I to change that bra.
Pardon?
No I did n't buy it in Mothercare.
I bought it in Alders.
What?
You do n't like what?
Why?
That's a lovely tower.
No no careful bring it away from the baby.
See if you can make it any bigger.
Oops!
You've broken it.
It's not funny.
Oh all right then I wo n't laugh.
No.
I do n't laugh if it's not funny.
Good.
So how boring.
How boring.
Uhm.
Well I do n't mind going by train but I do n't want to come back by train.
Because of all those stairs.
As I was thinking of how to manage the pram.
And I would n't want to put the pram down all those stairs.
I would n't walk to Croydon with her hanging round my neck.
It er would be too much too long.
Be careful mind because you're going to land on top of those bricks so be careful.
You're being careful are you?
I'm glad to hear it.
Confu wha a tooth?
Sure you do n't want to see a dentist just to make sure it's all right?
You're a silly girl.
Yes you are.
Yes.
Do n't argue.
Could you put her blanket in the the seat just so that they do n't get little bits of cotton in it she might um breathe them in.
Thank you.
You're not being what?
You're not being silly?
Charlotte take it away please.
You heard?
What on the tape?
What you ca n't do anything you ca n't change anything about your voice or your laugh.
You are what you are that's it.
Yes dear.
Everybody has their laugh that's it.
You ca n't change it can you?
was snoring the other morning.
Adam was snoring one morning this week.
Charlotte came in in the morning what's daddy doing?
she stood there went Charlotte please will you stop climbing.
Oh Amy.
It looks pretty horrible does n't it?
When?
What can we do?
Hmm?
No not afraid of them I just do n't want to.
But they're stairs there.
Stairs up to get out there.
It's even worse You have to climb up steps to get out of that station.
I think.
Any way it would mean we'd have to walk from Thornton Heath.
Might just as well walk from Croydon.
That's a bag of rubbish darling.
Do n't touch it please.
Leave her it's not going to do any harm.
You've found another drink now have you?
You've got drinks everywhere again.
Good.
What's that that was orange is it?
You did n't like it?
If you put it in her cup.
That's the difference.
I never put it in her cup.
She always had it out of my glass.
She'll eat or drink anything if its off somebody elses ' plate or out of any body else's glass.
Yes Charlotte.
Whee!
Hmm hmm.
Charlotte!
I'm sorry darling I'm sitting down and I'm comfortable.
I do n't want to get up.
I can see you.
Huh oh dear.
Would you like to do me some do something for me?
Under the table here there's a book.
There's a big thick book.
Can you see it?
There's some of your comics on top of it.
In the no in the middle here look.
Can you bring me the book?
No underneath that there's a book.
A big book.
No darling no.
I do n't want Thomas the Tank book.
No sweetheart I do n't want that.
It's not what I want.
That's the book I want.
Thank you very much Joelle pardon?
Here you are.
And do n't keep do n't keep moving.
Charlotte could you give it to me?
What?
Darling.
Give it to Mummy darling please.
Yes.
Oh you can make some biscuits as well.
That's not going to use up everything is it?
Oh right let's have a look what can find then?
What?
That's what she likes.
Biscuits and cookies.
Pastries pies.
Of course she's lovely.
All babies are lovely.
Of course.
You do n't smell of milk do you.
Currant cake.
No I do n't know the thing you do n't like.
Icing.
And sugar.
Probably not.
Too much?
I I usually ca n't be bothered.
Hey hey hey hey what's the problem what's the problem?
You'll manage large cakes let's have a look at small cakes.
No these are little individual ones rather than one little big one.
A bit of crackle.
Small cakes or rice cakes.
Oh my goodness me.
We used to make those when I was in the brownies.
Rice crispies.
Chocolate.
Wicked.
Ginger whirls.
Muffins.
Double chocolate muffins.
If you see chocolate chocolate muffins you wo n't be on a diet will you?
You know.
No I have n't got any erm oh yes I have no no we have there's something missing.
Those little tiny pieces of chocolate that you can buy you know those little dots.
Yes I know you need that as well.
I've got that in the cupboard.
You need ordinary chocolate.
Cocoa powder which I've got and the chocolate dots.
Four ounces.
Hundred grams.
It's too much chocolate.
No no we ca n't have those they're too naughty.
It's too much chocolate.
Muesli muffins.
Three ounces of Muesli, wholemeal fl no you see it's all of flour.
Blueberry muffins.
Just a minute.
Well we could do this one and we could just put more or less plain flour again.
Typical the only one with self raising flour is the chocolate.
Beg your pardon?
She's dribbled that what you mean?
Look we could make some chocolate ones it only makes twelve.
Charlotte please do n't do n't go noisy.
We'll make some chocolate ones.
This is if you Charlotte will you come away from please.
Charlotte.
Well do n't make a noise then.
Oh come on now you do n't Come here come here.
What's wrong what is it you want?
She.
You want to sleep before lunch of after?
Come on where?
Look come on what?
I do n't know what you mean when you say come on.
What do you want darling?
Come on.
Let's have a cuddle come on come in.
Was that your saying?
If when you take her out you can go and buy some bits little chocolate bits.
Sure?
Tell you what.
Let's see if we can get the chocolate off your face shall we?
Lick the.
Put your tongue out.
Put your tongue out ah ah.
Lick this lick lick it.
And again Oh Charlotte well it's got some of it off.
. Oh Charlotte.
Where do you want me to go?
What do you want in the kitchen?
you want biscuits?
But it's nearly lunch time.
Yes.
Charlotte why ca n't you keep still?
It's I'm here for a minute please.
Please darling.
Mmm mmm I've got you.
I've got you now.
What's mummy going to give you for your lunch.
What would you like?
How many apples have I?
We go in the freezer?
We'll go and sit in the freezer shall we?
Might get a bit cold though in there.
That all right?
Oh oh!
Whaa!
You would would n't you if I put you into the freezer.
I do n't think I will.
All right then bye!
all right.
