
Amy do n't tip the.
Come on not the whole packet out.
You just tip it carefully that will do for the time being and eat those first.
I do n't feel we've done a lot this half term have we?
I do n't think we've done much this half term.
Not supposed to be to.
We're on the next tape.
Jenny's did n't come out very well.
No could n't really hear very well.
No not now I'm going to put it away.
Well it's not so easy when they're further away is it?
That'll have a nice sound with you eating crisps.
Amy!
Behave!
Yeah exactly.
Mm mm.
Yes.
She might do.
I do n't think she expected a present.
Well I think that Amy did n't go to Lucy's party I think.
I think if you did n't go to Lucy's party I do n't think.
Jenny was expecting a present.
From what's come in.
She looked a bit surprised did n't she?
You know she'd rather do Chimneys or something tomorrow than London Zoo.
We rather go to Chimney's tomorrow than to London Zoo.
Would you?
Do n't you like London Zoo particularly?
No it's easier.
But it's easier if you got tact.
It's easier if you've got tact tomorrow.
Well because tac does n't finish till till half past twelve.
Do n't know how they've decided whose has got one.
I do n't know how they decided who's got one.
That must be it.
I do n't think Marks and Spencers will give them free.
Did you like Amy's suit?
I think you're supposed to wear a T-shirt.
Hmm.
Who did Eve have on her plate Amy?
Who did Eve have on her plate?
Mrs Tiggywinkle did she?
You have n't done any.
You have n't done any reading have you?
You'd better read a chapter before we go out this afternoon.
Well I think Jenny's um sort of.
You have n't had what?
Ah.
The word you mean?
Ah.
Perhaps not.
You could read it could you?
Mm.
Yes you're doing quite well.
I hope not.
That's probably what they want to know.
Which words you do use.
In conversation.
I suppose so.
I suppose we'd better take it wherever we go.
They can hear what you're saying now.
It only picks.
Stop it.
No.
Stop it.
Not, well just behave.
You should n't have done.
Does n't make it any better if you messed about it picked up what I said but it did n't pick up very well what Jenny said.
Do n't know.
I did n't listen listen to.
I think it takes you forty five minutes to listen to it all back again.
I do n't think she's much choice has she?
Where Amy's going or you've got to go there and you think of the positive When's their they've had their open day or is there another one?
I should think that was.
I should think they'll have another one nearer the end of term.
Well she only had a small party did n't she?
Come on eat up we want to get out.
No it's not a nasty day.
It's a better day.
Oh those are those turtles.
Nintendo.
Are they?
What's Nintendo?
Oh is it?
Lucy's had her er.
car.
Sony.
That's who makes it.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Would you?
Mm.
Do n't you like red?
Mm.
Do n't know really.
Yes not with your mouth full.
That's your third.
So you'd like a film for your camera.
I should think that Mr Staton would put it in for you would n't he?
Um.
Oh well you'd better take your camera then.
Amy you can have that other little one if you like.
Would you like that for your holiday?
Hmm you may have that one.
You may have that one.
You can have that one.
Hmm.
Well take a few photographs.
I mean do n't forget.
You're usually hopeless.
And take a photograph of everybody as you set off.
Mr Staton always takes a group one so if you say just a minute I'd like one too.
You'd be lucky to find one of Mr Statton asleep.
I do n't think he's going to go to sleep while he's in charge of thirty of you.
He's in charge, yes.
He's Head Master.
I do n't know.
Maybe if you really are they'll send you home.
No.
One of the staff would have to come with you.
Not that one of the that couple.
You ca n't ring the doctors on the Isle of White.
I should think the one's whose most vulnerable is Clare Montgomery.
She's just had her operation.
I think she wants to go.
I do n't think anybody wants to be left behind.
No I think you've had enough.
No.
Do n't know really.
Good fun.
I think if Mr. Statton says you'll be so tired would you like to go and get your reading book and get a hanky and.
Where have you come?
You might get one from happiest.
Are n't there?
Is the box not in there or is the box empty?
Is it?
Hmm hmm.
I'd better get another box.
I'd better get some from Boots then I think.
Well you read a bit to Clare while I go and get the.
Right let's.
Come on then here's a hanky.
Good big blow good big blow.
Might be.
There y'are.
Good girl.
Pardon?
No I've done that.
It's here.
Oh I've done that one.
Yes.
Good girl.
The pond I think.
There was a pond.
Hmm.
Just leave it at the moment I'm trying to here if you ca n't.
If you can do it yourself do it but I'm trying to hear Amy read.
It's deep enough.
It's deep enough to swim in.
Answered.
for for a.
For a what do you think.
Row across the island for a what might they have.
Pic nic.
nic.
Picnic.
Yes.
All right.
Hmm hmm.
I should think.
Fright.
Though though.
You were.
Of nothing.
Girls are always afraid of nothing.
It was only.
Yes if you like.
Could you open my greenhouse and put it on that.
Hmm.
And shallow.
water lily?
Hmm hmm.
green plates.
plates.
A bit like.
No plate.
Very like it.
Hmm.
Mm good girl bog.
All along.
Hm hm.
Joined.
Others joined.
in.
quite.
that's difficult.
Knobs.
It's a silent K.
Yes it's a bit difficult that one.
It's a silent K you know like knees knobs.
Start from where it says little knobs he.
Although.
Although they were nearly.
Watch him.
Tongue.
Shoot out our.
tongues.
sticky.
I would n't.
Would you like to catch your dinner by putting your tongue out to catch it?
No.
I would n't like it at all answered Lindy.
There.
Your reading's getting a lot better I think.
You're doing very well.
It's a long book.
A hundred and twenty eight pages.
Hmm.
No.
No it's all right.
Right let me get cleared up and then we'll go into Bromley.
You're going out with Clare?
Nothing.
You have n't made your bed.
Neither of you have thrown either of your old hankie boxes away.
Well erm throw them in the bin down outside erm you got a two hundred.
Well you can have different fims.
I thought it might be easier to get you what you've got in already you've still got tea round your mouth and have you cleaned your teeth cause they were n't very clean um you could take Tom's midnight garden with you.
Oh you're not going in your earrings.
Well you wo n't wear them.
You'll take them off.
I do n't think they're very suitable.
They're for playing.
They're for playing in.
Not really suitable for come on throw your dirty empty tissue boxes away.
Come on put your coat on then Amy.
See if we're locked up.
No.
What?
Yes I should think so.
Do you want to wear that?
I'm not sure.
Erm.
Is it in your bedroom?
Is it hanging up in your bedroom?
Yes it's a nice little purse.
Do n't break the coat hanger.
Oh goodness knows.
Well does it fit you?
I'm not sure that it's mildly clean.
I do n't know that it's terribly clean.
The Isle of White.
Oh it fits you all right.
Din it?
Oh you should n't do it right up at the top.
Yes I do n't know go on.
We seem to have a lot of dirty tissues and stuff.
Hmm I do n't know whose they are.
Oh I've just thrown a whole load of screwed up ones out.
Go and get a few more.
Remind me we must get some handkies.
Are you putting a coat on Clare or are you going like that?
Let's hope we can find a parking space.
Right.
Is that everything.
So you want a film and you want a back pack.
And you want a.
It's got to carry your lunch has n't it?
And a box and a.
Come on.
Yes it looks rather nice.
You've got France on it as well.
France and you've got all your American ones.
No France here.
You going to take your white trousers?
Your new white ones?
Are you going to wear those at the disco?
Rather than your black ones?
I thought you could probably take both.
I do n't think it's been very erm generous with out of school wear but you can change when you get back.
I think you'd better take your Scots Park jumper and your red cardigan in case you manage to spill.
all your dinner down your Scotch Park jumper or something.
because you have n't got two.
Well you've got that one that Daddy put on in the wash and washed too hot.
I think we might have a job parking.
Oh just missed one Oh no he's he's going in.
It is.
No.
Ah there's one ca n't see one any better can you?
Not the not the easiest place to get into but still.
Yes we'll park can you?
This way where good job we've only got as minute.
I do n't think I'll get daddy's in it.
No a bit bigger seems to me if we'd moved up a bit we would have had a bit more room.
exactly.
a large space here.
They have n't given me a very large space.
It's probably why it's left.
Yes.
Do you want a new washing bag and a salon to take with you or are you not bothered?
Mm?
You ca n't have Amy's.
You've only got the one.
What?
Oh nothing.
I just thought you'd like a new one.
Oh right.
In that case.
Well I certainly would n't bother taking any shampoo if you ca n't have a hair drier.
Well Charlie's not going.
Why is hers very long.
She can sit on it can she?
Hmm.
How often does Amy wash hers then?
How often does Amy wash.
Every day?
Oh gosh.
Oh careful.
It's getting worse this road.
Look at all this lot.
It does n't say anything.
Right where two hundreds..
Three pounds twenty-six.
Can we afford one of those?
Hmm.
There's the one with the flash waterproof stretch.
So they are all four hundreds.
Hmm.
You get long.
You get sort of extra long.
Yeah.
No they should be the same.
I think I should your Jenny's taking hers I should take your camera.
I mean you've just got to be careful and not lose it have n't you?
Lose her camera.
I thought you could have that.
Yes.
Yes.
That's the one.
What other colours is there?
Does this tooth Mum does this toothbrush fold up?
Does the boys something.
When you.
thing?
Why?
What are those?
Those could be hankies.
Teenage mutant turtle hero hankies.
hankies.
Mutant hero turtles?
Eighty-one p.
That was the one I had.
Have ou got a box for your soap?
No that's a dish she wants a box.
They're only a pound.
They're a pound.
Deary me!
Yeah.
Want that colour?
Or a pink one or a blue one?
Bit expensive are n't they?
Can make up one.
Oh yeah oh look.
Those the ones as well.
No they were n't the ones.
Yeah they got bristles.
Maybe you'd like one of those.
There's a fish one.
Well I should think the pink one look er hairbands apparently.
No Amy.
Come on.
You're you're all right for a hair brush then are you?
Yeah that's sure.
White do you think?
Yeah yeah.
Right that will do I think.
Right let's go and get this lot then.
That's all you need is n't it?
Go on then.
Oh we've still got next week if you here we are.
There's a queue here.
You need anything else.
Well we've got some hair conditioner.
Yes I do n't think we need any more at the moment Oh I know what I want.
I want some stuff for my nails.
nail varnish No ah.
Right right there's one here.
Well Amy I'll get you one another day hey?
We are just getting Clare what she needed to go away with.
A soap box to put soap in.
Otherwise everything will be tasting of soap.
No no no no no Amy Now yu can put them out if you like.
You wanted a er thing for your from erm Smith's did n't you?
Why that.
Why do you think we'll have to have one like that?
Hmm.
I'm cold.
Mm mm.
I like that one.
Hmm.
I like that.
Pardon?
Well why do n't we give her flowers?'Cause we've given her flowers.
Can I have one of that card?
Why wo n't you let me do that?
Why wo n't you let me do it?
That is a pen.
Mummy.
This is only one pound ten p.
Well mummy mummy mummy.
want one of these.
Well Clare's got lots.
Mum but I do n't like Clare's.
Pardon?
Mm.
But er I want.
a nice one.
There're good.
I've never had that before.
Who were you thinking of giving it to?
Clare?
Yes.
Not one that I want though.
Can I have five pence Mummy?
Pardon?
Hmm.
What?
You have got if you've got one.
Oh so I can throw them away can I?
Well then why have n't you thrown them out?
Well you should have shown me before.
You you've throwed them away first before you buy any more.
Yes.
Queen mother.
Right come on then.
I think, umm we looked in Boots did n't we, they had cheap ones, but they were all black.
Get one from Marks and take it back after wards.
No, yes, I do n't think I need chocolates, I do n't think I need chocolates.
I thought your going to give her some flowers?
Oh they've definitely have some, I do n't think there awfully cheap.
I think erm, lets have a look in the shopping mall cos I think there's a sort of bag shop there Caroline said.
Just down here.
This is a nuisance this is.
I do n't know otherwise.
I thought Salisbury's would of had loads Will have a look in a Army amp; Navy otherwise It's in here I think, oh I do n't know whether C amp; A's would have any Now then, watch out for, I mean I think there's must be a logic shop or something.
I think that's where Caroline said we go for a cake.
Oh here I should think where these banks are.
Yeah.
I mean there's loads of bags like that, let's have a look.
It's all there've got.
Here's back packs.
No, no, she's got to have something that goes on here back.
Oh it's a bit cheaper.
Price six ninety nine I think.
Eight ninety nine.
Well we've got.
It's better is n't it?
That one.
Nine ninety nine.
Nine ninety nine.
Yes, I quite like that one.
Which one?
One like that has she?
Red one.
I think you better put them back where you found them do n't you?
Where'd they come from?
Where?
Now that's more your that's more what you could.
That's what ah.
That's more what you can do with poppet one like that.
No, not really.
Oh it's pretty.
Yeah, they always do them very long do n't they?
You could do more with a nine to ten, eh nine to twelve.
I should think this one's your size.
She like that.
She like that one Amy?

Hm, yeah.
Well you could probably do with that more than hm trousers.
You could probably do with a sun dress more than.
Oh that one look's a bit to bit to tight does n't it?
No, have n't got any twelve's, with a twelve.
Right, that does n't really suit me does it?
Right, let's go and get Amy's collage set that she wants.
Hm, hm, hm.
That what you want, your collage set?
Army amp; Navy the bit of it and a that's all Then I'd like to look in Marks, Amy Early Learning.
Hm Right let's see if we can.
Come on then, you.
Hm, hm, quick.
Then I want to go to Marks.
Hm, I was a bit disappointed with that dress.
I wonder if it looked better if it was a bit bigger.
To tight.
What the orangey colours?
Oh I quite, I quite like those.
I thought they were unusual.
I did n't think I like the cut of it very much or, I think it was to tight.
There started making erm tighter I think.
Oh Amy, sorry, wait.
You do n't push in.
I think your getting a bit big for this.
It used to yes left handed, Blue one.
Oh.
Why do you need some more?
Right, I suppose so..
Amy.
Half past four, so I do n't want to be too much longer.
I do n't know, is that what you want?
Whoops I do n't know.
They wo n't be all for it, Amy is that what you want?
Hm.
That's sewing.
Well you give you the, this.
Well, will pay for them all together.
Yes, I think so.
Oh come poppet, because I want to go to Marks, so what do you think?
No, you, you have to get some flowers in.

No, they just give you a press to press the flowers.
Hm.
I thought you wanted the collage one.
I think you just get the pieces of square's and erm, the thing and the ribbon and you sew them.
Sew it, but.
Would you want to think about it?
I do n't think you need a jigsaw puzzle do you?
Oh Amy come on.
Oh that's just, that's just erm, beads.
There mostly there for children that are younger than you.
Oh, why do n't you make what you've got cos you've got a lot of things to make at the moment, and then come back and choose another time, hm.
Cos you've got sewing to do have n't you?
You started that little duck.
Hm, your a bit too young to do knitting I think.
You've got the flower making one have n't you?.
Hm.
Hm.
We do n't really want to colour in a jigsaw puzzle do you?
It's only colouring in.
Yeah, well you got to have a, you've got to have some flowers and you just put them between that and leave them.
Yes, but you've got to just leave the the thing, come on I think they want to close, and I want to get to Marks, so do you not really want the collage kit at the moment, you've got collage kit's have n't you?
Hm.
Pardon.
Yeah.
Well leave it at the moment.
Hm, well you've got a, you've had a lot for your birthday have n't you?
Oh, we, no, I'm not just, come on let's find the scissors and the glue spreader.
Do you want me to take a book, and then you can choose at home?
Hm.
Right, come on then let's have these and.
That painting you have n't done yet have you?
No.
So you wanting to have a mooch, do you want to have a quick look at tennis rackets?
Well I do n't know whether were going to get one now, cos I have n't really got a lot of time.
Oh, the cars are still coming, the cars are coming now, I forgot about them.
I forgot the cars were coming down the road.
Got to go across to that Olympus, right shall we come on quickly.
I dunno, cos I forgot the road was open, huh.
Ah, I think I like this one better do n't you?
Twenty two pounds.
Well I do n't think we'll get one at the moment.
Well I do n't think we can buy one quite as quickly as that.
Well, cos that's a lot of money just to spend is n't it?
Is that a lot lighter than.
Is this, one like this?
Well if you do n't do any thing else tomorrow, you could go and have a look in erm, Worpington.
That shop there.
Well I do n't know, will see.
Come on then Amy.
Think you have to clear that with dad first.
Hm.
I know, but I want to see how much there worth, so there about, see if we can get one for less than twenty pounds ca n't you.
Oh right, let's go quickly across to Marks.
Do n't you?.
Yes, I thought they might be quite useful for the summer, they do n't seem to have any erm.
Do you like these.
Do you like these sort of does n't it?
Yes, well I another pair.
You like these better?
You like those better Clare?
No.
What you like those better?
Hm do n't know really.
Hm, quite like the white ones I think I probably like the white ones better Am's, let's have the white ones.
Well there's a pair of four, right, let me, let my ones that I've got.
No, I do n't.
They did do them in white, but they do n't seem to have them here, I only saw one pair, they were n't my size the other day.
Right, let's just have a look at this other dress.
Daddy's stuck this on and it's not even right the way round.
His drove my car and the, where the gears where, came off.
Daddy.
Without a.
There are.
You could of given me a little bit more room.
Well if that car in front has not pulled up quite so far this way, I would of got out a little more easily.
. Ah.
Yes, well he could of gone a bit further back, it would n't of mattered to him.
Any way, never mind, were out.
Now I've got to turn around.
I do n't think I'm going to buy you any thing else or else this holiday's costing me a fortune.
I think you can manage with your thin anorak and probably your thick one.
Well that's right, I mean were see what the weather's like.
Before.
Oh yeah.
That'll have to be quite useful for your holiday in France and every thing ai n't it?
What a back pack?
Do n't that I was over impressed with Tammy Girl, were you?
That shop that we went in when we had to go down stairs.
Na, I think it's only girl's.
No, no.
I think a lot of erm.
I think a lot of your age go there.
Yeah.
I did n't like the stuff for, it's very garish, I mean I did n't like Amy's bathing costume very much, did you?
Yeah.
But I quite like her shell suit, there quite nice colours.
There's a lot of those in C amp; A's.
Yeah.
I doubt it.
I should hope so, they were quite expensive, one pound sixty eight.
I ca n't remember.
Yes, there left handed ones, hm.
Oh.
Are n't they?
Well I do n't think those I'll cut any thing but paper, you'll have to get.
Well if you need another pair, next I go I'll get you a pair of.
Oh.
What your silver ones?
Early Learning.
Why have you lost something, you have?.
They do n't seem to have silver ones.
Yeah, do n't lose.
Right.
Oh you have n't, you've got lots of little silver ones.
Oh, well, there around somewhere.
Yeah.
Well, you do n't need to leave a pair of scissors in there, cos.
I was just thinking that the dinner's probably only just come on, I did n't quite know how long, how late we be huh.
Nice cup of tea any way, do my ironing I suppose.
Huh, you can try.
Well you can do one with the erm, with the little thing.
No, no.
No, do n't think, do n't give you any of the.
I think you'll need a coat hanger for that, oh, any down here.
I'll go upstairs and get a coat hanger when you.
On the spare bedroom bed I should think there's some.
Rfff, you pull.
And wiggle it a bit.
, you'll have to be able to do it or else you wo n't be able to clean your teeth.
I think you'd better make your bed.
Hm..
Oh does it?
It's not, oh that's alright.
Just say if she's soaked some stuff written on it.
Yeah.
I do n't it says you've got to have a cagoule.
Hm.
It might say preferably.
Right school sweatshirt, tee shirt, skirt, dress, casual trousers, jeans, warm jumper.
Changes of underwear, socks, shoes, trainers, night dress, carpet sleepers, washing kit, towel, hair brush, cagoule shoulder bag.
No, I, I think they.
I think they mean a back pack, warm jacket or coat, in-expensive camera and film I think they mean a back pack.
You could of had a shoulder bag.
Well, one that goes on your shoulder.
No, I think that's what they told you to take Oh, how often you expect me to write to you.
You've got to take some stamps.
Yes, that's alright.
If you wish.
I do n't need, look.
Tidy it up then please.
Right, I think I'll shall do some.
Yes, I'll shall put it on the spare bedroom bed, not that there's a lot of room on there, but still.
I think you've just cost me a fortune today.
Take one of those boxes of tissues and use tooth brush, tooth paste.
What, got some soap have you?
Right, your tooth paste.
Right, these two can go up, oh that's Amy's soap.
Yes, right.
There's your film.
Right.
Yeah.
There's your cartridges.
I would n't think so, I ca n't think you'll get through ten cartridges myself, that seems rather excessive.
We can probably leave packing till next weekend ca n't we?
We can probably leave packing until next week end..
Well I'll should take, I mean hopefully you wo n't have a cold.
I should take a couple with you out of your box and erm, just take those ones.
I mean I hope you wo n't have a cold, so you should n't do.
Hey, come on what's the matter?
Well, alright, well look it's no good doing it if your just going to get upset.
What's the matter?
Shhhh, well look, that's very difficult to put on is n't it.
Well then your better putting it back to the back place first.
Right, now you want to put that on again.
It's alright, cos it's very, that's very difficult.
Right, put them in the, does n't even fit on very well.
I ca n't see what I'm doing even.
I mean that's a silly place to put it Amy.
Well why do n't you put it on the table or on the little table, it does n't even fit on that shelf, does it?
It's too big.
You ca n't really have that and these plates on that shelf.
Alright, well.
On the little table it'll fit, and you can put the cups.
Cups and saucers on, well you can do that, look you can do that better than I can.
Here you are, there, it's on the little table, now you put the cups and saucers on it.
Go on, you can do those better than I can.
There, but your trying to balance something that wo n't even balance properly.
I do n't know, have a look in the kitchen, ca n't really see.
So is, your dolls house is alright now, mind the flex on the iron.
You should n't go that way, knock my iron off.
So your happy.
Where are your what?.
Oh we took them all upstairs.
Pardon.
What your birthday presents, yes.
Your birthday presents are up stairs on your new shelves are n't they?
I must go through the spare bedroom and sort that out as well.
No I must, cos there's some of your stuff.
I see, jolly good.
Well that's cos he moved it was n't it?
That did make you cry, yes.
It did.
But still if you, you, otherwise when it's tidy you just leave it alone.
When it's tidy, you do n't play with it.
You've stop the traffic have you?
Oh.
Yes, it was at the back of the cupboard I think, I think I've seen it in there.
I think I have seen it in there.
Well, will, put it, put it into be washed tonight and then you can use it if you like.
Alright.
Yeah.
She's awake, yes it's alright.
Yeah.
Oh alright, you tell me if there's any words you do n't know.
Sure.
Yes.
It stretched.

Behind.
Oh gosh.
Chaffinch.
Little bird, it's a little bird.
That's a difficult word.
Hm.
Yeah, well brightening up a bit.
Right, we'll go and home some lunch, dinner then shall we?
Pardon.
Pink.
Goes on a long time does it?
Oh that sounds a lot.
Right come on then I'll get you some dinner.
Right, would you, could you switch that off for me.
No the television poppet, I'll sort the oven out.
Right if you sent the table, I'll serve up the dinner.
Right.
Give Clare a shout, get my washing in as well.
Clare.
Dinner time.
Well that was very quick.
Right, I'm hungry too.
Right.
Yes, that's right, no, that's right, very good.
Yes, that's right for Clare.
I do n't know what time daddies coming in.
I do n't know what time daddies gon na come.
Well I was going to put him some dinner out and he'll have to heat it up again I think.
No, well, he can get some out I think if he wants some.
Well I've no id I would n't bother.
I mean I do n't know when he's, he might not be in for another two or three hours, I do n't, I really do n't know.
I might find I've cooked him a dinner and he does n't want it.
Bit difficult is n't it?
Well I've cooked him one, cos it's no good if he waltzes in in half an hour and says his hungry.
He could have a baked potato, I do n't think he would have had very much all day knowing.
I do n't think there's much food available where it, in this building site.
Well making, given him the same as us.
Hm.
Well I'll leave it out and he can do it on the microwave ca n't he?
Heat it up in the microwave otherwise he'll have to have it tomorrow.
Oh that's it the way it spreads out and then you ca n't see it..
Do you take the back pack round with you these day.
Yes.
What you finished your work have you?
Nearly or yes you have.
Nearly.
Did you manage that one radius of a circle?
What can choose choice oh you do them from that paper you mean.
Right, well do n't forget.
I'm sorry it is a bit hot, they've got hula hoops in there.
Sshhh do n't shout.
Yes, alright but.
Well could n't, could she, could she just go back one page and let's us see what it was she wants.
I think I've got listen I really do n't think you need argue over it.
Stop it, I've got two now stop it.
Goodness me, are you both so young that you ca n't even share any thing?
I would have thought you both grown out of those things any way.
That's play mobile.
We did n't actually have much play mobile when I, when I went and looked.
You do n't play with your play mobile.
No.
No.
You'd better write one to Christine as well.
Uhum that little Polly Pocket.
And those.
Do n't forget.


Did they?
It's a bit like it is n't it?
Oh yes it is, yes.
Right, there's your Noah's Ark one.
Womble.
Womble.
Oh.
No I do n't.
Got a lot of bell ones.

when you blow it.
Hm, they did n't have my naughty little sister.
You have n't listen to that much.

On your little window sill I think.
I think so.
What at school?
Who has?
Hm.
Sony.
You make.
Hm.
Hm.
I think it's a tape recorder I think.
Hm.
sound.
Oh no, only noises and things.

Hm.
Hm that sounds quite good.
I could do were both starving, I've finished mine.
I do n't know.
I would hope he wo n't be to late or he'll be exhausted.
Hm.
Oh..
Has she?
Great Britains '.
Oh.


Hm, remember that one.
I remember that one.
Yes you might have.
Oh did you?
Amy can you get on with your dinner.
That's Postman pat.
seen it?
Must clean your things.

No.
No.
No.
Do n't no.
Do n't know, got vouchers you've got to buy something with it, but that's not usually a great problem.
Not usually any great problem.
Right.
Some what more than I was expecting to pay, but.
I was thinking more of five pounds.
Did n't know we wanted a very good back pack.
Would n't of been more than five..
Take it back, to go back to.
Well.
Hey you plonk it down, what's in there that klonks?

something.
Solid shape box.
Aah it's you will be careful, that will break.
washing bag.
Hm, that's what's clonking.
There's nothing wrong with one of your pencils here.
Oh honestly..
No, come on..

What's the matter?
Oh right, every bodies.
Oh very good.
Is that better, feel better now?
I do n't know.
Well it was going to be a pound was n't it, not two pounds that will be an awful lot.
What's the matter?

She wo n't give you so much.
Well, you'll all have the same so, I do n't know any of them get's any ice cream.

You do n't want to spend your money on a ice cream.
Well it's probably the best way, then your all in the same dish.
You can see the difference when you go on the trip, some people are.
hardly any.
Oh Ricky, oh well Ricky's always getting told off.


She what?
It probably was n't his fault.
His mother should n't of sent him with so much money.
His going.
It means protect them.
Is he going.
Oh his left.
Oh.
Michelle Bond is n't there any more is she?
I do n't know, Jenny said she thought she'd left.
Oh yes, I think so.
Michelle Bond, Lee Bond's sister.
Have you?
His been crossed off for ever,.

By the way, they wo n't be coming to school any more, when from next term.
His bossy, his.
No, I think that'll last you a little while.
Alright.
Ok.
Hm, if you want.
Do n't you?
I've brought some stuff to make a lemon cheesecake, cos lemon's were reduced.
Oh I do n't know.
A lemon cheesecake, bun, strawberry moose.
The trouble with strawberry moose is, it takes ages to make does n't it?
Beat it for ten minutes, that's it seems an awfully long time to just stand there and.
Hm, for ten minutes.
Over the gas.
Hm, you have to beat it in a pan of boiling water.
The egg yolks and the strawberries and the sugar.
Hm, trouble is it tends to come over the top of the bowl..

No you do n't, you put the saucepan with some water in it, you boil that and put the bowl mixture in in the saucepan.
Your just boiling water round the outside.
In the pan.
No, glass.
Nothing, depends what sort of glass it is.
If you pour boiling water on ordinary glass it will probably crack.
Yes.
If you fill a milk bottle with boiling water I would think it would crack, might do.
Pyrex is alright.
That's my bowls are made off.
I do n't know what they do to it, but it's a stand the temperature much better.
Pyrex.
It's glass of a sort, but I do n't know what, I do n't know what they do to make it much more heat resistant, you can put it in the oven.
Oh yeah, that casserole tops Pyrex.
If that was plastic it would melt.
In the oven.
You ca n't stick it in the oven that's plastic.
Nothing!
No it's not, it's made of glass and metal.
It's not made of plastic.
Oh she's ever so slow tonight.
Yes your exceedingly slow tonight, even slower than usual.
Do n't pull a face.
I'll give you who's not.
Your not going to get a cup of tea, I gon na drop it.
Come on it's ten past it's late.
Yes, it's your bed time.
Leave it alone, put it down.
I think a lot depends on what the days like.
Depends on what daddies doing.
Well if your a little more explicit.
If it doses it's feed.
Very nice.
Erm, there's a, at the back of that Royalty and Empire magazine, you know it was telling you about Madame Tussaud's and the London Palladium, somewhere that the wax works that do all the rock and roll the,.
Have you?
You've seen it or you've been there?
Have you, where'd you go there?
Hm.
That was just a little bit of it.
Yes, yes..

No, I do n't know what that's like, I think they play with music as well.
They do lady shows at the monetarium.
Hm, in the evenings.
No, inside.
big dome.
Chris said it's quite good.
Chris Ellis.
Yeah, well the Chemistry one.
R, there, what's that?
I do n't know.
Be jolly tired if he is.
No he wo n't be up to midnight if he has n't got the car and the last train goes before then.
I would n't.
No, not at that time of night.
I do n't know, I'll worry about that when it happens.
If I have to drive up then you've all got to come.
I expect somebody might of given him a lift up, I do n't know.
Six o'clock this morning I was n't really asking a lot of questions.
Quite good English, the icing did n't turn out as it might have done, ca n't have what it might have done.
In what way did it not turn out as you expect it.
Well it's to runny.
I told you, you do n't get red.
No, no, that, the only way you can get red is that there is a little pot in there.
I no, but it does n't come out scarlet, how much you need.
What maga- oh no there are n't.
Have n't got any other Early Learning Centre ones.
Well I use to have, but I threw them away cos you do n't really need two.
Oh I'm sorry.
I did n't know you were so interested in them.
You had n't looked at them.
Your gon na have to choose something for Mrs Macdonald's baby.
Yes, she's leaving in three weeks before the end of term.
The end of this term.
She'll be back next term.
No, no.
Oh I expect you will.
No I do n't think you will do.
Hm.
I was a bit disappointed in those Laura Ashley dresses, they were to tight for a start.
They've gone they've gone more skimpy cos they fit last year.
Well they have n't made them so big.
Would you rather have Mrs Macdonald?
Watch as he rubs.
Make varied is it?
The birth his birthday was twenty four months, that means from when you can buy it for a new born baby or somebody up to two years old, will be suitable for it.
Not really, I do n't think you need a bunny by the side of your cot now, do you?

Do you need your hanky?
Here you are.
Looks as though his yawning to me.
Oh, that one looks like a teddy bear not a bunny.
Oh.
How much is that?
Oh, hey.
It's only a penny of five pounds is n't it?
You can buy one of those for Mrs Macdonald if you wanted.
Well if you get it from there she can always take them back.
I what?
Oh that looks bit expensive.
Hm.
Pardon.
Why have you seen him?
Has he been in?
At the summer fair last year.
Yeah, two scruffies.
I think Mrs Webb's husband looks quite nice.
Oh I do n't think so, no..
It's got a short.
quite expensive.
You will do in the Isle of Wight.
Well, I should think you'll have Mrs Webb again.
Hm, I'll expect the other friends will take something.
I would think if she think's she's gon na be a bit nervous then I'll get.
I'm not spending that amount my poppet.
Seventeen pounds or.
You can make me a lemon cheesecake if you like after tea.
Alright.
Well we wo n't be able to eat it then, it takes over night to set.
Hm.
Well I thought if you make it tonight we could have it over the weekend.
Not very.
Takes less than the cakes.
Need biscuit in it.

That's a game I think.
Grandma thought she might get you.
I do n't know.
What Mrs Macdonald?

Oh I wanted a girl.
I do n't know.
He probably would of liked a boy, it would of mean quite nice to have a boy and a girl, girl or a boy, one of each it would of been more expensive, could n't pass the clothes down.
going slow, so I do n't think I ought to of done.
boys.
Well they're probably are for mummies.
I doubt it.
Well, it's easier to bring up one, one like you while your more understanding or something.
Seem to, yeah.
What, no, no, oh, mean you.
Ca n't go out very far if you've got to take six people.


Four or five when you've left school?
They have n't.
There was two younger than Daniel, so has Daniel left school?.
No they have n't.
Amy's is still at school, so that's four I can think of still at school.

Hm.
Amy, Olivia, Pat, Amy, Daniel, Seth and the baby.
Well that was six, seven.
Probably.
Erm.
Open probably.


I do n't know, I've never been.
Go and get the rest of my washing in, it's quite dull.
What is it a tape?
Oh.
I do n't know.
Do n't think you'll really buy new born babies a book not quite.
Perhaps have a look in Marks and see whether they've got any nice baby clothes, she might like something like that.
Well she wo n't be very big to begin with, if we get white it wo n't matter if it's a boy or a girl will it?
Well then, will have to see what they've got.
No.
Well then you'll buy white, so it does n't matter does it?
Well you can always put babies in white, whatever sex they are.
Does n't matter whether whether it's a boy or a girl..
Yes.
It is hard to decide is n't it?
No I should put your anorak on cos it's getting cooler.
I would n't be out too long cos, it.
Well you tend to cough do n't you?
I'd really rather you wo- got a bit better.
Pardon.
Are you going to put your anorak on?
What you going, oh, oh I see.
I sh- think you've only got to leave it till it's melted, has it melted?
Oh well switch it off then.
Well I've turned it down and then it blew out, there, right.
Now be careful.
Oh, well, I mean I really did n't need this at the moment with daddy coming in and everything..
Well can you put that that tine of biscuits away.
Cos I do n't want it all over the floor.
Well I should let Clare do this it's not very easy.
Go on then.
You've got to press it hard.
There you are, think you can pour it?
Poppet come here let me finish this, oh your getting in no end of a mess.
Well, no, no, no Amy.
I know well I do n't, go and get a cloth and clear up the mess that you've made.
Been round to Jenny's.
Come on Clare could you do that? and then you can go and get your stuff in from outside.
No I have n't done that.
Well, well then you'd better go and get some of you took it out.
Well it's Lucy's birthday so.
I took the present round, and had a cup of coffee.
No it was last week.
No, look, I, I do n't really feel like doing this at the moment.
But when it comes down to it you ca n't do it can you?
I've done the margarine, you you can get me the erm thing.
It's in here, it's melted, you've just watched it melt.
Can you get me the flan tin down there.
Yes thank you.
No that one will do.
Yeah and it causes me more washing up which I've only just finished.
Pardon.
Well, then I'll boil that side wo n't I? with all the cuts, right, mix that round if you like.
Now do n't spill it every where.
I do n't think you can both stir it at the same time.
Oh come on, you ca n't both stir it, I'm going to get very cross, I'm too tired for this.
Now let Clare stir it for a bit and then let Amy have a turn, but do n't slop it every where, or else you wo n't have a.
Well we've been, I mean we were at Jenny's for a while, I went to the bank and eh, then we've been into Bromley all afternoon.
Shopping.
Well stuff for Clare for the Isle of Wight really.
She needed a back pack and she needed some soap and a tooth travelling tooth brush, eh, yes that looks alright, knock knock it of the.

What's this?
Look!
Clare you were asked to run a bath that does n't mean to say you go across the landing six times, just run her a bath and Amy will you get in it and then come down Clare.
I'm tired and I do n't want to cope with you, otherwise you both go to bed this minute.
I said you run her a bath.
And then, well why is you clumpering across the landing six or seven times?
Why all the screams?
I'm tired.
Well just run her a bath and then come down.
If you do n't, you go to bed.
Alright, here you are.
What?
Well your on half term now are n't you?
Half what?.
What are you talking about?
You have a term and then in a middle of the term you have a half term do n't you?
Well.
Well I do n't know whether you go home from boarding school, you probably just have a day off, I do n't know, I have n't been to boarding school.
Right, were do we get, sharp words.
The spider affair as it was called went all over the school before the day was out, it caused a great deal of laughter.
When mother, Mams Arougeaye heard of it she sneered.
To think that a French woman should be so foolish she said, though I did n't like spiders or earwigs or moths or even snakes.
Mams Audyponch should be ashamed to make her exhibition of herself.
The first form talked about it more than any one else, of course they squealed with laughter when they saw the poor Mary Lou Manselle and Gwendoline, all falling victims to the same spider, jolly clever spider said Irene, it means the only three people in the form that it that would be scared of it, I take my hat off to that spider, ca n't think why it chose my desk said Mary Lou, no, that was a shame said Gwendoline, poor Mary Lou it must of been an awful shock for you when you saw it, I wonder who put it there?
There was a silence for the first time it occurred to first form that the spider might of been put there on purpose, they looked at one another.
It was a dirty trick to put it into to poor Mary Lou's desk said Jean, she ca n't help being scared of things I suppose, she almost jumped out of her skin when she saw it, I should of thought any joker in our form would of been decent enough to popped it into say Alicia's desk, not if it happened to be Alicia who popped it in said a sly voice, you do so love playing tricks do n't you Alicia?
You and Daryl where in the first form room before afternoon school and I'm sure we'll all remember you saying you'd like to put a spider down Mary Lou's neck.
It was Gwendoline speaking, Alicia glanced at her, well I did n't do it she says, nor did Daryl, sorry to disappoint you darling Gwendoline, Mary, but we just did n't, if it was any one I should think it was you.
Mary Lou's my friend said Gwendoline, I would n't do that to her.
Well if you've almost drowned her one week I should think you could quite well bring yourself to put a spider in her desk the next week said Daryl.
It's pretty funny that you and Alicia were the only ones in the classroom before afternoon school persisted Gwendoline angry that no one seemed to agree with her suggestion.
Shut up said Catherine shortly, we know it was n't Daryl or Alicia because they say so.
The spider must of got in there by accident and that's that.
Well I think began Gwendoline that the class took at once.
Be quite Gwendoline, Gwendoline shut up, shut up Gwendoline, Gwendoline shut up.
There was nothing to do but to shut up, Gwendoline was sulking exasperated.
It had been such a good idea and all that had resulted from it was a double punishment for her and a complete failure to make anyone believe to Alicia or Daryl had played the trick.
True the first formers had had to go to bed an hour earlier, but they all voted it was worth it, Gwendoline felt vicious about the whole affair, she'd determining not to be put off by her first day there.
She did.
She determine not to be put off by her first failure, but to go on doing things to Mary Lou so that in the end the class would have to put the tricks down to Alicia and Daryl.
She thought she would also hint to Miss Potts that Alicia and Daryl were at the bottom of things, but she did n't get very far with this, she had to go and see Miss Potts about some returned homework.
She stood very neatly beside her in the little room that Miss Potts shared with Mams Audiponde at North Tower.
Miss Potts I was awfully sorry about that spider affair the other day, she began, of course Alicia and Daryl were in the classroom before hand, I'm sure they know something about it, I heard Alicia say, Miss Potts looked up, are you trying to sneak she said, or in more polite language to tell tales, because if so, do n't try it on me.
At the boarding school I went to Gwendoline we had a very good punishment for sneaks, all the girls in the sneak dormy gave her one good spank with the back of a hair brush.
You may have a lot of interesting things to tell me, but it's no use expecting me to listen.
I wonder if the girls here out the same punishment for sneaks, I must ask them.
Gwendoline went flaming red, as sneaks, fancy Miss Potts daring to call her that.
Gwendoline Mary Lacy a sneak, all because she just wanted to drop a kindly hint, Gwendoline did n't no what to say she felt as if she'd like to burst into tears, but Miss Potts always got very impatient with girls who did that.
She went out of the room longing to slam the door as she often did at home, but she did n't dare to here.
She felt very sorry for herself, if her mother new what an awful school she'd come to she would take her away at once, Miss Winter too would be horrified.
But Gwendoline was n't quite so sure about her father, he can say things at times very like Miss Potts said.
The week went by, it was a very pleasant week, hot with a cool breeze that made games and swimming even more pleasant than usual, Alicia and Betty were practising hard for the school sport, both were excellent swimmers and divers.
Hm no, well try not to keep banging it.
Oh dear.
Daryl tried to imitate all they did, she was good to, but not quite so good as they were, but she was quite fearless and divide of the highest diving board and went down a chute in all kinds of peculiar position.
The only unhappy person that week was Mary Lou.
She'd got into a lot of trouble over many little things, for instance, her clothes in the changing room were being thrown down in a pool of water, and was soaking wet, she had to take them to matron to be dried, matron was cross.
Mary Lou ca n't you hang your things up properly in that changing room?
You know there always puddles of water on the floor from the girls coming in and out of the pool.
I did hang them up matron said Mary Lou mildly, I know I did, then Mary Lou's tennis racket sudden showed three broken strings, they were not frayed, but looked as if they've been cut, Mary Lou was upset.
My new racket she said, look Gwendoline, who would think a new racket would go like that.
It could n't said Gwendoline pretending to examine it very closely, those strings have been cut Mary Lou someone's been playing a trick on you, what a shame.
Mary Lou was miserable, she could n't believe she had any enemy's, for when she found buttons cut off on her Sunday dress, she new someone was being unkind and mean, Gwendoline comforted her.
Never mind I'll sew them on for you, I hate sewing but I'll do it for you Mary Lou.
. So making a great show of it Gwendoline sowed on the six blue buttons one night.
The first former's stared at her in surprise, they knew she never mended any thing if she could help it.
How did those buttons come off asked Jean?
That's what I'd like to know said Gwendoline smugly, six buttons all ripped off I'm putting them on for Mary Lou because I'm so sorry any one should play at such a dirty trick.
I'd like to know who cut the strings of her tennis racket too, the first formers looked at one another, it certainly is queer the way things have been happening to poor Mary Lou lately, even her prayer book had disappeared and some of her pencils had gone.
True there'd been found in Alicia's desk, but everyone thought that was just an accident, now they began to wonder if someone had put them there, not Alicia, Lizzie would n't do a thing like that, but somebody, it was getting near half term and new the girls were excited because some of them were expecting visits from there parents.
Any parent who lived not to far away would be sure to come.
Daryl because her father and mother were coming.
They lived a long way away, but they decided to take a weeks holiday in Cornwall and decided to see Daryl in the middle of it.
The girls began to talk about there families, I wish my three brothers could come said Alicia, we'd have some sport then.
I wished my little sister could come said Jean, I'd love to show her Mallory Towers.
Is your mother coming Sally asked Mary Lou?
No said Sally she lives too far away.
Daryl remembered something your mother had told her in a letter a week or two before, she said that she'd met Sally Hopes mother and had liked her and she said to that she'd seen Mrs Hopes baby.
Sally.
Sally's sister a little girl of three months, Daryl had meant to tell Sally what her mother had said and had forgotten and now she remembered.
Oh Sally I expect your mother wo n't come because of the baby she said.
Sally went stiff, she stared at Daryl as if she could n't believe her ears, her face went quite white.
When she spoke she sounded as if she was chocking.
You do n't know what your talking about she said, what baby? we have n't a baby, my mother wo n't be coming because it so far I tell you.
Daryl was puzzled, but Sally do n't be silly my mother says in a letter she's seen your baby sister she's three months old she said.
I have n't got a baby sister said Sally in a low queer voice, I'm the only one, mother and I have been everything to each other, daddy has to go, go away such a lot, I have n't got a baby sister.
. Girls looked at Sally curiously, whatever could be the matter with her she sounded so queer.
Oh right said Daryl and Elsie you ought to know I suppose any way, I'd suspect you'd like a sister, it's nice having one.
I should hate a sister said Sally, I would n't share my mother with anyone, she walked out of the room her face as wooden as ever, the girls were really puzzled, she's a funny one said Irene, hardly ever says anything, all closed up, somehow, but sometimes those closed up people burst open suddenly and then look out, well I'll shall certainly write and tell mother she's mistaken said Daryl and she did so.
Then the mesh, she told Sally the next time she saw her, I'm sorry I made that mistake about you having a sister she said to Sally, I've written to tell mother you've said you have n't one she must of been mistaken what your mother said.
Sally stood still and gazed, glared at Daryl as if she suddenly hated her.
What you want to go interfering for she burst out, leave me and my family alone, little busy body always sticking your nose into other people's affairs, Daryl's temper flared up, I do n't she said, you gua rd your tongue Sally, I never meant to interfere and I ca n't think what all the fuss is about, either you have a sister or you have n't, I do n't care.
You tell your mother not to interfere either said Sally, writing letters about my family.
Oh do n't be so silly flared back Daryl really exasperated now, any one would think there was a deep dark mystery the way you go on, any way I'll just see what my mother says when she next writes to me and I'll tell you.
I do n't want to know, I wo n't know said Sally as she put her hands put out her hands as if she was fending Daryl off, I hate you Daryl Rivers, you with, you with your mother who comes to see you often, sends you things and writes you long letters and comes to see you.
You boast about that to me you do it all on purpose, your mean, mean, mean.
. Daryl was utterly taken about, what in the wide world did Sally mean, she watched the girl go out of the room and sat down on the form completely bewildered.
Right, half term at last.
Hm.
Right teeth cleaned at least I think.
Come on.
And bed.
Hm.
Cockle doodle do.
come on cos I'm very tired.
. I've still got these cheese cake to finish off, wash your hands.
Qule age a vi vous.
How old are you?
No, quel, I think, it just sounded, will have to listen to that French tape again.
Well that's probably just what it sounded like when you have n't any idea what she was talking about, but I think that.
Well I think that's what she was saying.
How old are you?
You should of said Je Suis.
Je Suis.
No you did n't know.
Well she did n't know you were n't French did she?
Think then she probably gave up.
Well she did n't know English and you did n't know French.
Come on let's see ya.
Come on open a bit wider so I can do those, that's better, do n't want them back ones to go bad.
You do n't want those back ones to go bad.
Good.
Hm.
Oh, you have to try.
Those the ones that'll go bad.
Right.
She's been playing in her dolls house.
That's alright.
Think there the bits from the Sindy house.
I think it's suppose to be a casserole.

Hm it's a bit big is n't it?
You have n't got an oven at the moment.
You have n't manage to get an oven at the moment have we?
Oh, right.
Night, night, then.
Well it has n't come in.
Last time I wrote it, I had n't got it.
Oh I've seen this one.
Well nobody can see if you sit right in front of it, can they?
Can you tell me why your song book has to be on the floor and the music on the floor behind it?
Oh she'd been taking Matthew to work.
Yeah,.
we have to pay for it About the did n't leave it on the living, kitchen table.
What till next week end when you.
Hear the language you just.
Have you seen this stupid cheque.

You do n't get another one.
Do n't get anything.
They just let you run out.
Well I rang them up yesterday because I got two cheques left.
And there still waiting on the twenty fourth May, I said well I have n't got it yet, he said no it's taking two weeks or so.
I like ordering my cheques in that time.
Oh well, we all have it.
Ca n't escape from the printer now not, not to.
How many got coming.
I should think it's about two weeks.
I know, you ca n't get a set cheque book.
Well I mean how'd ya get one?
I have n't got any cheque books.

No, it's suppose to come, you come automatically.
Well they do n't usually issue, I mean I usually make so I ask for one in plenty of time.
the next day, so.
Well I did, I took it, I took it out and said, alright when I went and enquired, I said well I would normally have a cheque book now cos I'm not always in the bank, and I had this slip to say I do n't need one will come automatically he said oh yes, but that breaking down is hopeless, then I should fill it in now and I'll take it.
My would come the next day, well it.
I add them up yesterday and said what's it, what do I do, I've not come to, now they've sent me a temporary one.
He said oh yes it's ordered, I said great, huh, going shopping this afternoon, what do I do when I have n't got any cheques left?
Hm.
Just erm, Lloyds convenient.
Well it means I've got to go on a Thursday so if you run out of money on a Tuesday with run out.
And how ever long the queue is in Abbey National I've got to wait.
No, nothing like Building Society.
Park virtually outside.
Yeah, it's only round the corner, you can park right.
Right by it.
I mean you'd be the only one in, or if your not the only one, you would n't have to wait long.
Probably do.

Yeah, but they might arrest daddy at the same time.

I was gon na underneath.
Not at the moment.
I do n't know.

Pardon.
Well go and get another one then, be careful with it, do n't use it like a dagger.
Your very.
Ah.

Screw erm up, screw erm up.
She does n't like the story.
Oh, her.
Highly commended her.
Screw them up.
Oh yeah.
She said did you know the story cos she does n't like the story very much.
Oh that's all right then.
Cos she did n't know whether you'd like the story.
Erm, I think there cutting there deserts.
Well I think she cut it.

Gon na get some.
if he comes on a Thursday.
Oh your orange.
Hm.
Gemma.
I'll have to in the Argos place.
No, you can look in the catalogue you do n't need to go in there.
Sshh.
Amy she said mummies, not yours.
No.
Sally said you'll say that was the problem.
You said you were n't bothered.
Yes Oh you look stuffed up as I am.
Your about as stuffed up as I am.
Got to get.
Go up and get the old and see if.

Go on.
Those are a bit cheaper..
that's.
Your problem is.
Slazenger, sixteen ninety nine.
Reebok.
Puma nineteen ninety nine and the Dunlop twenty three ninety nine.
No.
There all aluminium.
No..

You have n't had any milk yet.
Yes, no, well go and get a hanky, blow your nose, is that yours?
Thank you.
Yeah.
No they not.
Well you would stick in the cheapest one.
That shop you were going at the cheapest one.
So it was the heaviest was it?

No.
On the whole the cheaper ones are lighter, because there the junior ones.
Sort of they look all to big for me.
Who said Caroline had got the one like you saw in the shop?
How many rackets has she got?
They all look just the same, they just different colours.
Not one of those said.
The trouble with Argo's is you ca n't really get them out to try them.
There's quite a big sports shop in Orpington.
Is it Gamleys?
Have you got tap dancing today Amy?
First find a meter before you go.
Forty pounds?

No.
No not really.
Probably certainly not sending her on her own.
No I said Rainham tomorrow.
than going in the car.
I think you ought to go in your really.
If you had a look in them in Bromley it's not a great big sports shop is it?
Well.
I do n't know where else you'll find one in Bromley do you?
They sell rackets?
Is there?
. I have n't seen one up there.
There's a, I mean there's a school shop and they sort of sell back pack, might have got back pack there.
The sport shop.
Well might and wait till the second of July and get it all second hand.
No, that's when there doing it, second of July.
The day you go to school.
It all available for you to buy at the end of the day.
Any way have a word with Mrs have a word with Mrs look on the market for any thing uhum.

Hm, trouble is we have n't seen any of them yet.
Hm, oh though she said she's got some school uniform, but we have n't stop to think.
Well it was probably a bit rude in February.
I think you can probably ask her now.
Wonder if she's there, take over from.
Yes, I do n't like to go down and knock on the door really.
I bet she.

Well all your doing is nattering and.
One of these books that they.
That the.
You ca n't run with.
..
Look, funny that they print the.
Hm, that was my chair.
Do n't know how much you've got.
Yes.
How much?
I should think he'd give her it.
I would think so.
I'm amazed at the sale of the manufactory exactly what they want.
Keep the rackets a main.
Do n't know.
Lots of money.
Thousands I should think.
It was the.
That's probably why it was broke.
How'd you know?
Go up and get the uhum Index catalogue and see if that's got any more in it.


. What do you fancy doing today then?
I wonder whether we go..
No, that's what they want.
Just get that in Tunbridge Wells.

wash this up.
I much doing the day might'n you.
Well we ca n't go out tomorrow cos Amy's got a party.
Yeah..
Nine ninety nine.
That's more like it.
Much better.
Junior and Senior sizes, there you are.
Well that one comes in a junior size.
That one for nine ninety nine.
It says it's senior or junior sizes.

More the sort of price..
Well there it is.
I if you really want to, better going into your and having look in the well Well this wo n't take much more than that though, do you?
Why do n't you like that one?
Pretty it's green.
Hm, it's not worth paying a lot of money at the moment, when you get better at it Back pack's it is, seven ninety nine.


No, I do n't think so, Should think daddy did.
Think you were a bit young then to take pictures.
No you did n't.
No it was n't it was uhum Weymouth.
It depends really what it would n't be very sensible.
Yeah, it was.


Never mind, see what the weather's like it wo n't be.
Oh you have, have n't you?
Pardon.
Yeah, bit come off.
Just give this a quick whizzo.

I do n't want to.
I'm hoping for a new one this year.
You new one this year.
Ah, ah, you would holiday France.
No.
No, there wo n't be some, make the most of it, huh.
I would n't of thought so.
I would n't have.
Ca n't be sure.
Yes,.
There you are, there you are.
Yeah.
Have you got any of the tee shirts, that they were.
Are, did you want one to wear?
Pardon.
No I think you can have a white one.
White one I think do you?
Oh yes I'd should think she's only small.
I think that's quite big enough for you, do n't you?
Yes I do n't think we could manage any.
No, no no that should be fine.
Ah well one to fit this one.
They can wear these for tap ca n't they?
Yes, I think's that probably better.
I think you'll have to have a red.
Do you mind a red?.
Please.
Oh that's a.
Lovely, oh sorry, I have n't got a five.
There you are Oh thanks very much, sorry about that, right, you will be smart wo n't you?
Eh large child I think, is it, ca n't tell.
Have you, where?
Well you wo n't of seen it yet.
No, it has n't started yet.
It starts today.
Jason Donovan and technicolour dream coat.
Next Saturday.
Yes, but not with Jason Donovan in it.
Well yes his Joseph this time.
Ah right.
Yes, well with seen it once before, but that was at Bromley.
We've seen it before have n't we?
But that was at Bromley.
No.
There going up to London to see it.
Ah, are you coughing, oh dear.
Oh ding-a-ling, yeah.
Not as far as I've just left them.
Yeah,.
Got an idea it goes on till one o'clock, but, I mean they might as well keep them.
Oh gosh, oh there's seem quite full.
Yeah, yeah, think so.
Yes, I do n't know.
Yes it is is n't there, yeah.
Oh yes, we were going to go out but bother.
Have you been at work or did you.
Yes, hello Arthur.
Yes, had we been a little brighter, we were going to ring up and take Amy out yesterday we were also aah, and we struggled into Bromley and eh that was it.
Yes been hopeless has n't it?
No.
I would n't think so.
I will ask him but I doubt it.
I do n't know whether his uhum.
Are they?
Yeah, yeah.
They go.
He keeps a very low profile.
hm, I do n't, I would doubt it, I mean he has absolutely nothing to do with our school.
No, no, muggins, muggins does, but.
No, I would n't be on the committee, no, cos I could never guarantee he'll be home.
No it's to much of a, I hate saying I'll go out at eight o'clock and tell him to be home and at quarter too eight he has n't come and oh, I'm to tired really, but, so I've always played it that I will help when I when I can, but uhum, I do n't go on the committee, cos then your stuck, you've got to go.
That's right, yeah, so.
To do all the things whether you feel like it or not, oh no, I usually take a back seat and then when it's, I'm.
Yeah, I mean I do a stall and everything at the summer fair and stuff.
They usually want volunteers, yeah.
That's, that's more my style and then you know you're doing something or you not, you, you do n't have to and if you're around, yes we got oh pages of it from Bromley High the other day.
Uniform and swimming club and flute.
And, and this new, what's this new track suit like?
Fifty five pounds.
Grey and pink it said.
It must be a shell suit I think.
No, it says optional, I think it'll be very optional for us at the moment.
Uhum I mean she do n't have to have it.
When there growing quickly.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, so well.
Ought to have Clare.
Yes, well she goes on the second of July, she has a day at school.
Yeah, yeah and lunch.
So she can meet her teacher and all the other starting with her so, quite excited about that.
Yeah, so there was a second hand uniform sale, so I thought great.
Oh, right, well,.
I mean if you buy, put your foot down.
No, no, especially if you've only got one daughter and it only goes threw once and, I mean the list is so long.
Yeah.
When do you get all you know, all the cookery aprons and the.
Science aprons and then the shorts for athletics and the swimming costume.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh yeah, but I mean it just goes on when you need it all new.
Well it's on the second of Jan July.
When were here, so, yeah, oh I shall go and see what bargains I can get here, eh.
Yeah, cos eh, that'll be good.
Yeah, well that's it basically.
They often do n't wear them that much, so.
Probably.
Yeah, then you better pricing it low and getting rid of it then too high and.
Yes, I think we'll have to have have a good look, yes it's alright when you've got a few things to get, but when when you've got the whole list.
It's a bit sort of horrific, but eh.
I think it's more than that for the seniors.
I think.
Seventy five I think, yeah, seventy five I think they were paying for the.
You have no choice.
Oh, oh well they have said grey coat from anywhere, just a long grey coat, uhum.
Yes, what was it, then they said white blouses, just open neck.
No, no.
The skirt is definite, you know, so many pleats, uhum, so obviously that is and the blazer's static, but quite a lot of it seemed to be fairly, you know, instead of grey, either the school track suit or just a grey track suit, so uhum, which it is, it's all these little bits like.
Hockey stick.
Oh yes, trainer, what am I thinking, oh lovely, yes well I'm a.
Bits yes well Georgina round the corner apparently she has the lot new, because the bank moved them and they paid her and it was over four hundred pounds.
Yeah..
Oh dear, yes, yes, right, oh well.
Well I'll see you Tuesday wo n't we?
You sure that's alright, that's.
Can you manage?
No, what's the swimming club like, do you know?
Yes, have you seen, have you seen the pool?.
The pool, I've seen the pool yes, Clare's been in it.

Probably when there at tap.
Yeah, there to young.
Yes, yes, it's more useful probably in the holiday.
Oh yes I think ploughing through all this lot.
Yes, yes, would you like to join this, how about that, how about the other, oh dear, yes it was a, yes we said lessens, I do n't know what there lessons were like.
Yeah.
Yes, well, I mean Amy can swim, so uhum, yes it's just how much you can do, I mean Clare does n't really need, need lessons I do n't think.
To use it in the holidays,.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You've just wonder where your spare times gone.
Yes, yes, just disappeared, yeah, right, right, well I'll ask Alistair, oh well uhum, I would n't hold out a lot of hope, huh, somehow, his uhum, he puts in an appearance at the summer fair for half an hour and looks round, says I think I'll go now,, I'll leave you to it you know, keep the children,, that's it, is n't it, his taken our Clare in to buy a tennis racket.
Suppose they said it shrinks as well.
No I think that's probably alright, they do have them long do n't they?
Let's have a look, does it say what size it is?
Age nine to eleven it says.
I think it's a bit big yes.
Yes, I think seven to eight would have fit you better.
Stand, stand up and lets see.
Do you think that's to big?
Shall we go back and see if we can change it?
Well we'll just go back and swop it.
Erm.
Do you want to wear Koala?
It is n't very nice is it?
It is a very nice day.
Yeah.
It's clouded over and it's really quite cold.
Getting a bit fed up with this weather.
It'll be nicer we might have gone out, it's I think it'll.
Yeah.
You do n't want it to rain.
You do n't want it to rain.
Yes, but eh, I think it'll be too cold there, do n't want to get Clare cold.
We've been to Penthurst, I think we're going to have to stay at home.
Mm, neither do I, shall I just leave them?
Mm.
Just used the word what?
Mm.
Here, I'll use quite a few more, get your clothes on, you'll get cold.
Yes, then you can come down and read your book, till daddy and Clare come back, god knows when they get back.
Well they have n't come back yet, have they?
They've gone off into Orpington and they, get this tennis racket and we have n't seen them since.
Did you get one?
Got, how much was that?
What'd you take those for?
Oh,.
Yes.
Is that from that shop?
Yes.
So she does n't feel very well?
Mm, a bit warm.
Hang your coat up and then go and have a lie down.
I'd thought that was alright?
Quite nice light one.
Yeah.
Pardon?
Yeah, afterwards.
Oh, that was about the sort of price I was thinking of.
You ca n't see them at can you?
Ha, oh I see, oh you bought that one did you?
Oh.
Yeah.
That's quite a nice one for her.
Yeah, well she could do with something.
She could do with being taken down to the tennis courts probably and have a knock up.
Yeah, I think that's a good one.
Well I think it's alright for you.
Yes, well they will as they get bigger wo n't they?
Yeah.
Ah, that looks rather nice.
Oh I think that'll be alright for you.
Have the.
Mm, well, yeah think so, they have more there than yesterday.
Oh they had yes, they had a lot yesterday but most of them were over a hundred pounds.
Mm, that's quite a nice shop.
Mm, good, got to get it right for you.
Mm.
I quite like the purple.
I like the purple.
Mm.
Yeah.
Rack attack.
Oh, I like them.
Yeah.
Well I thought that was the place to go really.
Yes I know, they did n't have many.
For a new No.
No, you better, no, no, no, no, no, you just.
No.
You it.
What's the matter?
Oh, well you put some cream on it.
You ca n't.
Yes, I mean I ca n't see much more than that can I?
Oh did you?
Amy's got a tee shirt, with Sally the cat.
Double U.
No it's a W for Wilson.
Amy put your shoes on.
You're not to go round like that, you'll ruin them.
They're very expensive.
No, that's my dress.
What's her tee shirt, carefully.
No it was new.
She's not allowed a white one for tap.
She has to have red for tap, but she wanted a white one.
Mm.
You not so good.
You're very thick are n't you,, no you must've stay in probably.
You seemed better yesterday.
Oh, has it come over you while you were going round shopping?
Oh do you.
Oh they've been swimming have they?
Mm, did they see you?
Oh that's a shame, I thought you'd go out and play with it.
Rack attack.
I thought Clare would go out and play with her new racket, she's not really.
mm, not really very well.
No, well they're aluminium, they wo n't warp.
Right do you want some lunch?
No, I do n't think anybody failed.
No.
It's ever so loud that.
Do we have to have that on all through lunch?
What?
How come, I mean, why does the big discrepancy?
Who sells it to them at eighteen P?
The oil company.
So why are they allowed to charge forty three P to the consumers?
I mean what do they do to it to justify charging any more?.
Do n't do anything to it.
Mm yes.
Do n't think so.
Mm, mm.
I think they were thirty five dollars a packet.
I do n't know poppet.
Mm.
Mm.
Yes, we'll have a few.
Think oh it has n't actually.
Thought you had to put the weight on by law?
I would n't of thought they needed to.
never anybody in them anyway.
Has it?
I have n't noticed.
Sorry, I was just wondering if you actually asleep or not.
Want a cup of tea?
No.
I should have a cup of tea.
You want a cup of tea?
No, I would n't bothered.
Yeah, she's nearly asleep.
Did she say anything?
Amy, she say anything about not getting highly commended?
No that was a good girl.
I think you better say nothing are n't you.
Chris said she did very well.
Mm.
We'll have to frame that wo n't we?
We'll have to frame that.
Oh dear.
Commended I think.
Did n't really look.
Mm, mm.
I did n't really look what the others got.
I think Natalie probably got pass cos she did n't know the dance.
Is n't she?
And you did n't keep your.
Oh I did n't expect Clare to go down ill again.
She's alright yesterday.
Thursday.
She looks quite pale.
Mm.
Mm, she was alright walking around Bromley yesterday.
Mm, she seems though she's a bit hot.
Good job we're not going to Jersey tonight.
Nudge up a bit I mean it could've been tonight.
No.
Oh, Diane, Rick are going but later on.
Yeah, I mean, yeah later on in the.
No, I told Jenny and I told Caroline, but.
It gets a bit involved.
Oh, I do n't like to see just.
No, I'll put that back.
I mean I thought she'd had something but she's, do n't want anything.
Did n't have a cup of tea.
a cup of tea on its own She was quite pleased with her t-shirt.
Seen it?
over her leotard, so we kept, we bought one, they said oh, you know, you want a fairly big one, so they, well it looked alright across here, when we got it home, she tried it on, it was nearly down to her knees.
When we opened it up it was aged nine to eleven, and she said I ca n't go in this.
So we had to go back and swap it for seven to eight.
No, nine to ten was far too big.
They said well they have them loose, yes, but she said they do n't have them right down there.
Well there was a sale at eh.
Yes, some second hand stuff, I.
No.
No I mean, I think you just leave it there and let come around again.
I do n't know how much gets sold, it's all a bit of a, I mean there's no room, it's only a very small anti-room is n't it?
Yeah because the erm, lessons are going on in there.
So it's all very, you know, on top of each other.
I mean there's no point in the stuff sitting here, if they need it.
No point in me hanging on to the stuff, cos the baby's grown out of it, that's it, is n't it?
Arthur was saying some of the second hand stuff at Bromley High is quite good.
Mm.
There's a second hand sale, there's eight Lego's, two.
Feel like saying well if you're in charge of it, just keep a set that will fit Clare in her size and we'll have it.
Yes, yes, he's organised it Chris has had to go to work for two days this week.
Mm, well, they in an office, so.
I'll have some, a bit.
Are you gon na have another cup?
Then they go for a month to a, Sue's going on a computing course for a day on the tenth of June, the date Clare goes to Brompton, Isle of Wight, so I'll have to bring them home.
Well she wants me to take them and bring them home, but I said look, you know, I've got, Clare's got to be at school for half past eight on that Monday.
I erm, and I'd rather take Caroline because I think it would be good for her to have.
I ca n't get Catherine and Deborah and Caroline and Amy and Clare and all their luggage.
Well, I'm not quite sure, to, it's erm, run by the, one of these agencies.
Mm.
Whether it's going on what's available or.
Suppose she thought she could probably get them to school, but ca n't bring them home.
I do n't really want to be cope with Deborah and Catherine the day Clare goes off to Isle of Wight do we?
Though, she seems very keen to have a job, that.
Yes.
I thought she's going to call.
I think he starts on the tenth, I think he starts that that day.
Mm Yeah, I mean, a lot of us could do with a month off.
Mm.
It's better when Deborah's only started school, so.
so easy.
Hello my pet, I do n't like to see you like this.
I say it's a good job we're not going to Joseph's tonight.
Mm I think you're a bit, think you're a bit hot, that's probably what's wakening you up.
I think you've got a slight temperature, not a lot, but, just a little bit, do you think you can manage a drink of orange?
Well you ought to drink something, it'll bring your temperature down and it'll help make you feel better.
The only thing is to drink.
Well try and drink it cos, you drink a bit, it'll bring this temperature down.
You have n't got much of a temperature, but it's just slightly up.
Slightly warm.
It makes you feel very lethargic.
Miserable does n't it, temperature.
Oh shame as you've just got your tennis racket, I thought you'd be out in the garden around.
I'm just glad we are n't going, I mean we could easily of had to go tonight.
You'd feel just like going up to London wont you?
Hope you're better next week Just put a bit of wallpaper up in your bedroom, then you can.
Do n't like seeing.
You did n't seem too bad this morning.
So does she go anywhere near these B and Q or Homebase,.
B and Q and Homebase.
Yes, I knew you were better on, you up Thursday night did n't you?
Then you were alright yesterday, you were alright going round Bromley, you did n't really seem to have any awful after effects did you?
Thought you'd recovered.
you've got this catarrh, have n't you?
Well if you do n't get better at the beginning of the week, we'll have to take you and eh, get you some antibiotics, cos I do n't want you ill.
Well I do n't think, I do n't know, somebody will stay at the hotel with you I expect.
Well hopefully you'll be alright.
You've just all seemed you've got rather catarrhed have n't we?
I mean I've got it as well.
Mm, I did n't feel very well on Tuesday or Thursday.
Hope not.
Well I mean it ought to have gone by next week, but be alright.
If you're not better by sort of Tuesday, Wednesday we'll have to go to the doctor's get you some antibiotics.
Yes, if, well sometimes it's medicine.
The norm it's medicine.
Yeah, I feel a bit lethargic, but do n't feel like doing a lot, but.
Yeah, I do n't feel like going to London Zoo or anything.
Mm or anything strenuous, but otherwise I feel alright.
I do n't know, you're sort of half dozing are n't you?
Have another little bit of your drink, Amy will you come and read a bit of your book to me?
Can you read a bit of your book?
You have a rest, I mean that's all you can do really is n't it?
What a nuisance.
Pardon?
Well you've got the book, so No we're on this one now.
The erm, the, the Derby.
Saturday, well it's Grandstand all afternoon.
Mm, show jumping at four twenty five, motor racing.
Flying Doctors, That's Show Business, You've Got To Be Joking.
There's a, there's an Indian drama on B B C two with English subtitles, it's in Hindi, that'll be interesting for you.
Half A Sixpence, oh you'll probably quite like that, that's here.
Mm.
Tommy, Tommy Steele, like to sit up?
That's Tommy Steele.
Here.
Mm.
He's a lot older than that now.
Come on, you can read your book.
Mm, let's wipe the tape.

The story of the pink, yes.
See the little chaffinch?
See the little chaffinch?
Threshed.
Mm, I think it's been cut and, they have to stretch it to get the actual bits of corn out of the middle of the seed, do n't want the husk.
Threshed, in the, E, E, A, S.
Heat of chaff.
Mm, that's what the outside of the grain of corn is called.
It is and not the word.
breakfast, to finish.
Thistle.
Thistle, yes, it's a thistle.
Yeah.
Pink was.
His cap.
His cap.
Dull.
Dull.
His cap was dull.
Blue.
Mm, it's a pinky brown is n't it?
He had.
Bands.
On his wings.
Not a song worth.
notice.
The chaffinch is n't it?
Mm?
Covered everything.
Pink.
Gladly.
The.
Crumbs.
Fat.
Especially.
everything is frozen over they do n't get any water do they?
Oh it's a long story that one.
Again he's probably not eating the right things.
At last the mornings were lighter.
To practice.
What a lazy.
Never.
As, as early as the blackbirds and thrushes.
Even.
Sun.
Sunrise.
Loved.
All through.
Call.
Mm.
That's why he's called Pink, I think.
Bathing.
Well it's called bathing is n't it?
You do n't say I'm going to have a bathing.
I'm going bath, I'm going bathing.
Did you find it?
So he looked.
For.
He dipped.
Mm.
Under and splashed.
Tidy.
Mm, good girl.
He even.
I think that's for little babies is n't it?
Mm, I think they're supposed to be.
Well that's the lady bird and they're never so pretty as the men birds.
No, not the birds.
It's always men that have the pretty colours.
Are you going to read this page?
That.
That had flown.
In the.
She.
So she would.
Mm.
Look my dear.
Do n't think she thinks much of it.
Nodded.
She nodded.
No, here's the apple tree, I think that's the rose arch, but she did n't think that was such a good idea, and she was probably quite right.
She was probably quite right.
Yeah, here we are.
These.
Where.
When they're.
Enough.
She sat.
Was shaped.
She bought, brought.
Have we nearly finished?
Yes you nearly finished.
Mm.
Turning.
Cheerfully.
Horse hair.
What, horse hair from the horses tail I should think.
Horse hair.
For the lining.
Mm, make it nice and soft I should think.
Against.
With a, with a little.
Green.
Do n't want it to show up, does she.
Well cos then it will be obvious and cats might come up and get the eggs or something.
It must n't do that.
She does n't want it to show up.
I do n't think he's doing very much do you?
I think he's letting his wife do all the work.
And pecked.
Pieces.
Lichen.
Stuck.
saves watching Half a Sixpence.
Yeah, well, hm, do n't think she's up too much, so, got Tommy Steele in it so she might as well he looks a bit younger.
About twenty years ago, was n't it?
Right, shall I go and get.
Changed.
Lucky on it, it'll be quite nice.
See what it looks like, How are you pet?
This quite good?
Well, about your level today is n't it?
About your hm.
Need watering a bit, have those back up there and really you seem even worse than oh were going to go and do your bedroom.
Try and get that drink drunk.
Yep do we want the stuff to fill the holes with?
Poly filler.
Got some sand paper.
Put it on the bed or something.
Wants some poly uhum some sand paper?
Is it alright?
Oh right.
Yeah.
What's the putty knife?
What, that one?
Well I do n't know, I do n't know where your putty knife is.
It's the what?
Well I do n't know, they all look the same to me.
I'm a bit upset if she's not very well though.
Seems to happen.
Hm, very well on Thursday.
No.
And then she perked up in the evening, I think she wanted to play tennis and then she was alright Friday.
I do n't like these things that you do n't seem to get rid off and they just come back when you least want them.
I was very glad were not, we we could easily of been going to tonight.
We want the tape measure wo n't we?
We must of have plenty of pencils up here I would think.
have we got the we have n't got the thing to draw a straight line have we?
Is that.
What in that bluey what the box a box or uhum in your little cupboard.
Yeah.
Oh it's quite useful that Half a Sixpence is on.
No Amy wo n't watch television.
Playing with her marbles.
I must get round to getting end of uhum curtain material.
Yes, I quite like that pink and white stripe one.
I quite like somewhere I could get uhum a cover for the bed to match.
Look quite nice would n't it?
We'd better measure it on the other wall, had n't we?
It'll be wet.
Let's see.
Tape measures there some where.
Oh better measure other.
What's it twenty one?
Twenty and a half.
uhum, could n't you go up in the other corner.
I ca n't cos that's left handed for me.
I can work that way, I've got to go the other way.
Ca n't you unhook it?
Does it unhook at the end?
And then it goes up under any way.
Twenty should be alright and just half an inch to go round the corner.
Well it's certainly different paper.
Hm But it's quite good paper because it's got all the colours in it so you could put any thing with it ca n't you?
I did n't think.
You thought this was a big bedroom till you started trying to get.
Amy Johnson's a funny little one.
She was a, going to see Joseph's.
Dream Coat next week end.
And she said, with Jason Donovan, I said oh do you like Jason Donovan? she said oh yes I've seen that with Jason Donovan.
Oh she said I've seen Jason Donovan in that, so I said well I do n't think you have cos it did n't start till today.
I have, I saw it a while ago with daddy.
I said yes, but I do n't think it was actually Jason Donovan, oh it was, yes, it was Jason Donovan and I've got the paper all along, I give up in the end.
Very definite young lady.
Oh yes, ooh she was n't going to have it that we were going to see it, cos she has n't seen that particular one.
Well, yes I think so.
Yeah.
I do n't think Amy Johnson will be over pleased that she that Amy get's better than she is, no.
But Amy's very tactful so I just did n't say any thing.
No she's quite, well I told her not to.
I mean this, the children are two young to have there noses rub with it, especially Amy Johnson, that would n't go down well, but eh, she's quite good, she does n't sort of.
Can you measure it down that one or.
Is it going to stick?.
You know what the.
I presume that that's the top would n't you?
At the beginning of a roll, and I would almo.
Yeah, I would almost say that upside down, there seems to be more flowers going down than up do n't they?
The pink ones going down, the blue ones going down.
Does it look better the other way up does it?
Do n't you?
I think the majority.
Alright.
Yeah, I think some one way, some the other, look lovely.
Yeah.
It's not a very big pattern drops any rate.
It is different paper is n't it?
Thank you.
Her mummy was saying, you know Michelle, aunty Monica's daughter.
There in dire straights now.
Pardon?
Yeah, they think there've got to sell the house and get out.
Why, they owe six thousand pounds on the various cards.
Yeah, huh, I think there way behind on the mortgage.
Well she did work full time in London, but she said that was to much for her so she's, she did n't work at all, now she's gone back to work three days a week in Orpington I think.
Yes, but Ross gave up his job as a uhum, he was in with the Leeds, which was a bit stupid because he must of got a cheaper mortgage I should think.
To become an insurance sales man.
And of course I do n't think he would do any good at it, his quite a quite, shy.
And I mean it's not easy at the moment any way, is it?
Even for the pushiest But I mean, they've they were owing money years ago, they sort of said there having Christmas on Access.
oh it's a shame when you lose your house though is n't it?
Yep.
Yeah, this is the top.
Ah, I reckon that sticks a lot better, does n't it?
Yeah, it's not very thick, well it's got no strength in it has it?
But uhum, it sticks, whilst the other one just curls straight back up at the edges did n't it.
Dreadful.
But doing this, you know, what ever it's like, it, the other one was hopeless.
Yeah, at least you get a bit more of a how long you got a you got a, I mean I could n't cope with, I mean I'm not pleased with it now I've done it.
Otherwise it get's sore, but then every time I walk in there I can see every joint a lot better.
Mind you, you just have to learn, you can only, you've got to put the paper up that sticks have n't you?
Got a sort of sheen on it has n't it?
And there not that small any more are they?
I mean, you know there not going to go round with a felt tip pen.
There better not.
Hm.
Yeah I'll have it that way, I do n't like it the other way up.
Most of the flowers are the wrong way.
Darling there is a joi a pattern.
Well it is n't for me.

And then you fold, you paste the bottom first, then you fold that up.
Well I thought wall paper ought to stick because wall paper was on Amy's bedroom.
You know, ordinary wall that was just, just wall paper was n't it?
And eh that just stuck and the joins were alright It just took so long before as well did n't it.
Can I have the scissors?
Thank you.
I mean I not very happy with the lounge either.
Just glad we did n't do the hall.
Driven me mad that would.
Or our bedroom.
Or our bedroom.
Funny though I mean I've never known problem before.
It's not as if the house is terribly old or any thing that the plasters, even.
Yeah, it was all the new walls as well.
I mean it has n't done it any good all the in Amy's bedroom where where it had to put the copydex it's all got brownish and, has n't it? you can see where the.
Hm, yeah, it's not, it's not quite the same colour, you can see where the copydex has been.
Well it does n't like vinyl paper for some reason.
Yeah It was n't that it was n't the lumps that bothered me it was the uhum, the fact that the edges just does n't stay down.
I think I might cut another piece of paper, the side wo n't stay flat.
Huh, I'm quite please about that.
Annoying when your not pleased with when you spent all your time doing it and then your not pleased with it.
Yeah..
Yeah I thought, just thought you might want to get behind it.
Hm, well he does n't tell me either.
Well you probably lose a bit, it's not sticking properly to the wall.
Is that when you take it round and eh.
What, you know, round the corner, and keep it straight.
Another one after that rather than cutting.
No.
Right.
Nowhere near, half I should think.
Come on at it.
So matches this side, not to low, it's to low on the other bit,.
Hm.
What.
Hm, hm.
Thank you.
Is Clare still awake?
Did you go down?
Right, I mean that's the time when a video is useful.
She's not really well enough to do any thing is she?
It's it's a bit boring for her just to lye there.

I do n't really know how much we we use it really.
I mean I mean during the week she never, she's going to get to the stage except that Chris is taking Amy to ballet, she wo n't see Neighbours at all.
No.
Do n't want to come down too hard on her.
She misses it on Monday cos she goes to flute, she misses it, she wa- she sees it on Tuesday cos Chris takes Amy to ballet, she was, she misses it on Wednesday cos she goes skiing, she misses it on Thursday because we have to take Amy to uhum Brownies, she misses it on Friday cos of Amy's swimming.
No, no she does n't want to watch, I thing honestly when she comes home from school she's tired out.
But, you know she just puts it on, she does n't want to do any thing for a hour or so and just sit and recover.
I do n't think you can really grumble.
Has she not I mean she never watches it after tea if you notice, she'll always go out and play or something.
She'll watch it half an hour in the evening before she goes to bed if she gets the chance.
She does n't watch all that, she does n't watch all that much really I think she gets more tired than Amy in a way.
I think Clare lives more on her nerves.
And that when she comes home, cos she's you know, had enough.
Are we going that way next?
, this is when you'll need a plumb line for that wo n't you?
Is it a very good plumb, oh you've got plumb line for the top and the bottom have n't you? and hope.
Ah and the next piece is going to go over the window.
So you need it.
It down to get the line at the bottom.
You wo n't.
Oh it's quite pretty.
That's about right cos you would n't want a big pattern in a room this size would you?

I tell you what, eh you would n't get any.
Yes Steven's not having a particularly good week for his holidays is he?
Yeah.
I would n't be at all impressed with it.
Oh Deborah was moaning cos she went to a party the other last one this week, I think at the beginning of the week, and the had Joey the clown and Mr Nuttey, she said oh I'd like them, but Sue said she went sort of a bit earlier and see how they got on and eh, she said oh it was n't the same at five, they did n't respond and.
You know they were much quieter, it did n't go with a swing that Amy's.
She's six.
She has it six, seven and eight.
Cos she said she thought, you know, they needed to be a bit older.
I mean she's talking about it and I said well I thought at five they were probably a bit young.
We have n't, we did n't have it till they were six.
Deborah apparently was n't pleased.
How are you then pet?
You've got a bit of colour back now.
Could you could you manage another drink?
She want's the uhum eh the plates and things for the party.
A bit later on.
Said she was very sorry.
Hm.
Oh poppet obviously going to.
Yeah, she looks as though she's got a bit more colour and she says she feels a bit better.
Oh I think you better cut, she's watching Kipps, says quite good, Half a Sixpence, she says it's quite good.
Enjoying it.
Would you like to come and cut this bit, cos it's left handed.
The top.
Oh That bits left handed.
Oh no, no, you seem better at left handed than I did.
No, I do n't mean that, I mean here.
I not the top.
It's gon na brighten up now.
What other piece?
Yeah.
Ah, you not, yes, alright.
Well I mean half a bottle to do the top and the down, you can do that bit, measure if you like.
Ca n't tell whether that's going to reach or not.
I do n't think it is, I think, no, I think you've got to come down another pattern.
Oh that one down then.
Yeah.
Could n't really see in the corner whether it was going, so tight.
Shall I go and get the other scissors out of the cut the right side.
Right, now you've got a bit to match it with.
Well that bit was wrong.
That bit.
Well it's the wrong pattern, up side down for a start, with the other piece of.
Hm Well your on that side and it's half an inch too short is n't it?
Have n't much choice have you?
sort of sort of just North of that Blue one.
Sort of across there and then.
Hm.
. I know it's not the easiest thing to measure is it?
Hello how what do you think?
It goes on a lot better than Amy's.
Yeah.
Do you like their suit.
Do you like their shell suit?
Deborah's and Catherine's?
Yeah.
Yeah, I mean wallpaper, you do n't have to stay away from it.
Did n't you, I mean, it's not like paint.
There what d'you think?
Gone up quite well.
It's gone up quite well.
Well you wo n't so much when it's dried.
You ca n't see them very well..
I know Oh I've got to get these tapes used up.
Oh no, I do n't think I should use all of them, about half of them I should think.
Seven I think.
Does it?
Oh well, I'm on eight, I've done seven.
I've only got to do it to the end of today so, I do n't think I'm going to use twenty do you?
Oh, fed up with this are n't you?
He's written Clare's room, wallpapered on the first of June, that's a bit optimistic, by Helen and Alistair.
Probably.
What daddy's like.
Anyway makes it look a little smarter does n't it, than with a green carpet, it'll look nice, yes.
No.
It looks better all the same colour instead of some walls green, some walls white.
So I assume Half a Sixpence is finished.
Was it good?
Quite a nice film.
I had to do that for O'level.
That story.
No I had to study the book.
Well for English literature they set you so many books to study, that was one of them.
a stupid book.
Yes, from all the characters and.
From all the characters and how they fitted into the story.
Only just.
I do n't like that book at all, it was a book.
You have a Shakespeare play, you had Silas Marner I think I quite liked that one.
I had one of J- uhum, oh I ca n't remember his name, another play.
George Bernard Shaw.
Thought that was fairly silly as well.
That was four, I think that was probably all I had, two books, two plays, it's quite enough.
Chicken casserole, and you can have a little bit.
Well you look better than you did, you've got some colour in your face now.
You can have a little bit of something to eat.
I hope so poppet.
Hope to get you back to school on Monday, it seems awful if you've had a week off and then your not well.
This was all a bit sudden, I though you were better.
Well I need daddy to a start along there.
Well the light has got to come off and you've got to drop a perpendicular so that you know, cut the paper straight, it helps if you put it up straight instead of wonky.
Pardon?
Why, she want's the crates and the things for the party.
Well she, I told her you were n't very well, she was very sorry Did n't say a lot else.
Well not really, yet at the moment.
We might need it yet to do another bit.
I do n't know yet.
I shall tell when we get to the end..
I'm all dirty, I was really waiting for daddy to come back up.

If I go down that'll be even more ages wo n't it?
Hm cos I shall have to talk as well.
Is n't there?
No.
Ca n't decide whether I like those shell suits or not really.
I ca n't decide whether I like those shell suits or not, you know, sort of thing.
No, I meant in general.
I think.
Hm.
I think a lot of them have, has Amy's got a hood?
Has n't it?
Hm.
The uhum, C amp; A's has a lot of them, went down there looking for some shoes for Amy.
No, she wanted some flip flops, but they did n't have any there either, but they had a lot of shell suits, cos I thought it was skiing ones at first.
I thought they were skiing one's at first, and then I.
There suppose to be quite warm I think.
I think there wind proof are n't they?
No, do n't worry.
I would n't worry, I think they can sort it out.
I do n't think it's gon na last her long cos she pulls at it.
Cos she does n't leave any thing like that alone, does she?
Well she pulls, fiddles with any thing, does n't she?
Catherine?
Oh yeah, did before Amy.
Amy Johnson's got a brace now, she does n't speak very well with it.
I do n't know, just a band, you know round, like you had in.
But she lisps, it's in her way she's got, does n't talk very clearly.
Well, she did n't have it last time I saw her, she's got it now.
So I suppose she got it some time this week.
No.
What's the result guv?
What.
Oh, well, there've just had a whole new di- bedroom suite.
Oh, I presume his getting paid Going to lap that over?
That why he did his own decorating.
Your not getting as much of this new job.
That means the car goes back on.
Oh.

Buy a new one.
No not really.
Is that alright?
What that lot out I think.
. Alright.
There's too many fingers in the way is n't there?

Oh no, I want these,.
Hm.
. Yes.
Yes, but I ca n't make the.
You ca n't just pull that across, might look a long way out.
It's wrong, as from there, that's where it starts to go wrong.
Here.
It's not easy is it?
. I suppose what we should of done is, done the next one along the drop down there and then matched it all up backwards is n't it?
Hm.
I do n't think it'll be a bad idea, I do n't think I can match this one off, do you?
Well it's never going to go straight and it's going to put the whole lot out is n't it?
What was that?
Well he does n't even take it.

Very high yesterday.
Yeah, I bet he has n't sort of tried to talk has he?.
, if you hang that one and then will put this one up too it.
Oh, good.
I think it'll probably got the other one.
I think I've got another one.
The other one, completing the other..
Right.
Right, so if I cut the top of this.
So I think we put the, take the other one off and paper it.
Have n't got any underlay for her.
Hm.
Oh I think not.
ca n't turn it around.
the door way I think.
Width of the door.
And I do n't, can see where your going to have a strip the width of the room and add on the width of the door on the end.
So they cut it off and re-join it.
Front.
Yes, I mean you've no choice you got to.
Just how many joins you'd have otherwise.
About.
You have n't lost a.
Seventy is n't it?

I mean oh use to run it length ways and then the width is fixed is n't it?
Hm.
How wide is it?
Well it's not ten foot wide is it?
So if the carpet was four foot wide you could.

Did he say what he'd been doing with himself?

Well, yes, it's, it's quite narrow is n't it at the back.
Just about get a, about three or four one.
Hm.
Mind you there whole garden looks a bit.
Bit difficult you know.
No does n't pay for the does it?.
Well there've got Michael.
It's tree.
It's all along the back is n't it?
Trouble is if we do n't lay a patio he.
Unless he lays it behind the garage.
Hm..
If it does n't rain I'll get a bit in the garden.
If it does n't rain I'll get a bit done in the garden tomorrow.
Get some plants.
Well they took her at the there was a I was gon na give one.
Got one with a bigger bit gave.
She has n't had any thing think to eat since she had that biscuit.
Oh, it's quite hard work is n't it?
The trouble is you know she's get and have a good go at it, it's not worth it with all the.
. Cheese cake had.
No I do n't think she does, I, no need for putting it off.
She's dying to go out and play with her tennis racket.
She is n't very well.
Oh, I just hope she does get better next week.
. The weather is so dreadful is n't it?
Yes.
Sue said it rained on Gregory's birthday last year.
Did you say that? dead lucky, never of done last three years it's rained.
Oh it was quite useful to find Half a Sixpence.
she's not really a, sick for long.
No she's.
I thought for ten pence a week that was not bad rubbish.
Would n't say a lot for it, but I do n't think ten pence out of the way any way.
