
What time do you get there what, what time did you get there?

You said this morning did n't ya?
Mm.
There's an awful lot involved though.
Mm.
Mm.
yeah.
yeah.
mm.
Mm.
You want more than that.
Put it in the dish.
Does everybody finish their work experience then?
Why?
Why's that then?
Oh, the firm.
Kim was saying, they do it for two weeks ca n't believe they would, the different school though, and then that other chap said that, that, erm.
yeah but that other one said, oh look there's.
Eastenders is on.
What have you got ta do, write your assignment then?
What of the and every day?
How long's the diary got to be?
Would you write it like an actual, can you fit it in a diary or have you got to write it, the date, just, just like a proper diary?
You should really do it like a, like make a little folder thing up and then date it Monday, you know.
If you do it for when you've actually left home, when you, when you've actual left at twenty past seven no.
I asked them how old she was?
Big, big boobs go run your bath.
Gosh look at the size of those glasses.
Well, yeah.
Ah, what's wrong the baby?
What's the matter with Gary Lineker's baby then?.
keep fit till after Christmas, do n't like the cold weather, he's gon na go back after Christmas and do it.
Does it, is it, just, is it just run erm.
, what erm, does that cricket thing, Steve, is it or is it just cricket season?
who is it then?
Goodness when you, mum and dad's done the back garden, when you meant to be doing the front garden with the weeding and that?, well what's all, you know, all these wages.
Where you gon na go and get this seat then?
No way, unless you're getting in, if you, if dad's getting you some clothes and then,.
wrap them up for Christmas.
Wh, wh, what you having for Christmas then?
Yeah, and have all this stuff and then they make greedy.
You buy the suit.
You buy.
you said you were gon na club towards it all the money out your post office.

Oh come on Lee.
We've got the fifty pound computer.
Who's done that?
We bought a fifty pound computer and said to Kevin you can keep it.
I put that down on his Christmas list.
Yeah, but you wo n't be getting much because you've had lots.
Oh are you?
Where you going to go to get for you,, I do n't know why they're cutting down all of erm, his, they've got some nice ones on there.
What?
No more than a hundred pound.
Mr Harrod.
Too much.
Because it is, is n't it Dave?
A hundred and forty pound for a suit.
He, a hundred and forty pound, far too, be like those green trousers you bought, well you've never worn them yet.
You've worn them one night.
Do n't give me that rubbish.
Well think, why pay out for a hundred and forty pounds for a suit, when you gon na wear it again?
Yeah, I'm sure a walking bank be glad when you've got a job, you'll be earning your own money you can buy your own things.
When?
Oh.
You've lost it?
Why?
I wanted to, look, I've made a list, list out for Nan and I've, there's, the C D you've got ta put on that list, and I also wanted a C.
Why?
After having a C D for Christmas last year, they're a waste of money.
If you've got the C D we could all, yes you do, we could all use it, then you could have blank tapes, and then you can tape it on cassette but I want a list of two C D's and I, in Argos if there's a watch nan want's the list and she want's it this weekend.
But, I want it done tonight.
Yes, I've got to give nan a ring.
Well, over the next couple of days, what's the matter then?
That's what Carla's got look.
At this work experience.
Do they?
You did?
What's it about then?
Huh?
Know how to do them now?
You should at Peter's.
No, I do n't actually.
Quit easy though is n't it?
Yeah, but, even when you leave school that's what happens do n't it?
I, I mean you usually start off with the boy everybody has to start at the bottom,.
Mm, I'm sure.
You make yourself cough more by lying down there.
Some of those Kim's, women she work's with the teacher, he daughter's in this, does n't half get paid a lot of money.
It is, yeah, something like that, I it's quite a lot of money though.
The kid's love it, Carla would love it would n't she?
Yeah, Lynn just ordered that one for Victoria, she had it on order for seven weeks twenty four pound it was that one.
No, just mark on, just put a cross straight through.
What you have to, what page is it in, in the book?
Page forty?.
Classical.
I.
Yeah what's it called?
Be about.
Who is it?
Yeah.
G I B, is it one word or two?
Yeah.
Yeah.

oh we do n't know how much it is.
Right next one.
Yeah, item number.
Yeah.
Who is it?
Yeah.
Heart In Motion is that two words or one?
What is it m, o, t.
Moton?
M, o, t, i.
He's good.
We can buy you that then, if you want it, we never know what to buy you.
Right now that's it, were now in the Argos.
So did you get your good work for, your good sticker for work again or what? or what?
And that's is your letter box up at Christmas yet?
Your poster box?
That's on Sunday, so what's happening on Sunday Carla?
What do you do?
So what is it ad advent calendars.
Which one is it Lee?
Do n't you like that other one,, it's just plain leather strap?
There.
No up the top, third one down on the right hand side.
Yeah, I thought that was quite nice on the right hand side page, that one,, three down, yeah.
Mm.
Thought that was quite nice.
Pick that one up now, the bits.
Wo n't hurt, spying on them in it?
Sorry.
What you want they.
That's it, it's just after the look at the ballerina broach and see what you think, broach, no silver, keep going.
keep going.
What's it say?
What size was you?
I know the one.
That.
We'll see Christmas, who?, no it's, er it's on the right hand side, it's, it's the next page at the bottom is it?
How much?
Got crystals in it?
Do you think she'd like that?
Which one, yeah that's the one that erm Kim's been trying to get Lorraine the Bennetton one.
That's not bad, Bennetton one?
Hang on, page first.
Yeah,.
yeah,.
The one that.
About sixty nine, seventy pounds.
I'll write it down but you'll have to write to see what father Christmas says.
That was seventy.
Hang on.
Sixty nine quid, do n't you mean sixty nine pounds and fifty pence.
You'll have to get your stuff down and, you know what one we'll have to get, you know those big cases that she get's from Ikea, and bring it all down and get one of those for your bedroom and keep it all in Started your homework yet Lee?
Started your homework yet?
Did n't you do it while I was out?
Was that rushing you to get that paper going?
Is it on now?
Carla, pass that bag for me please,, what did I tell you about jumping on that couch?
And when you come home from school, mm.
No but you're going dancing tomorrow morning at nine thirty and then you'll be going straight to the, you wo n't have time tomorrow.
No, I'm trying to get my Christmas shopping done.
I will take you out, I do n't want you out with me this time..
No, second tonight, the second.
Going to get Lee's ski stuff Your cold better.
Is Lee's cold better?
Nice day today.
Why?
You've got to go to meeting?
I might.
Mm.
Is it.

Yeah, but leave at quarter past four, you are pushing it.
No, erm, school.
School, school on a coach.
as long as she has her dinner.
No, cos you can go without your dinner ca n't you?
and have that at seven o'clock.
That's how he's singing it?
Oh was he ha, ha.
So where do they come, is Vicky in the actual group?
Why is she, what, does she watch?
Why is n't she in it then?
Rocking Robin.

Is that, is that my cup of tea?
Certainly.
This week.
Yeah, but I do n't normally do I?
I have a cup of tea do think he's on holiday.
Got another.
What you working on essay at the moment?
No, what is it, like these do that, do, do you do algebra in that school yet or not?
When you go to secondary school, you'll do that?
And that french, go on let's see that french.
Go on say something in french to us Carla.
Say good morning to Nan.
Why?
Well say what you can.
Pardon.
Is that all you know, I thought you new a lot?
What does that mean?
Get out Carla you do n't have to go to football, oh yes, you'll go to football Sunday afternoon.
I'll have to see if dad's around.
No way.
I did it Carla.
I was gon na do it in a minute.
I was just finishing off that, erm, going to drink my cup of tea.
I shall zip that up in a minute.
Have n't you got nothing important today.
You need one of those big box like Lee do n't you?


Right oh.
I'll see you later, I'll be home probably about half past two.
See you later then, bye.
Jackie phoned me up to say, she phoned me up today for a chat, we were chatting away and she said erm, I heard Brenda, Brenda, so I knew it was girl, and er, I was saying she walked straight into the kitchen and I was sort of still on the phone, I was saying yeah, yeah, ok and erm, I said I'm going out shopping and I'm taking the dog with me, I said ok fair enough, she said well you'll probably be gone when I get back, I said oh might be but she said but I do n't know and erm you know and I just put the phone down cos she wanted to see the pictures, my little girl asked put all the pictures up for him and er were looking at all the pictures and I'd forgotten about Jack on the phone you know, so she s all of a sudden I got back she said oh your phone call she said who you talking too?
Oh no you know she's gon na sort of, sort of suus, so erm, I said oh it's alright it's only Eve's house keeper, and I got back on the phone I said no I'm every sorry to leave you hanging on I said no I do n't know where she is, I have n't seen her all morning, I have n't seen her at all, and er I said bye then, she said what's the matter with you she said, I said what do you mean what's the matter with me, she said oh, why you talking funny?
I said bye then see you sometime, bye and I put the phone down, and she said what does she want then and I said oh she wanted to know where, you know she'd gone and I said oh I have n't seen her all week you know after, while we was hanging, she was hanging pictures, erm, she come through, she said oh they look wonderful she said I've got pictures she said, I want my mountain put up in my lounge, with that June burst out laughing, Neil went through and he, he put her pictures up and he was gone there, he said, god he said, you know literally it's a day to hang pictures, I said well do n't worry about it, you know, that's what he said to do.
like that little thing, you know, the actual picture hook with a hook.
you just knock it in.
Yeah well he's got brass wire on the he just, special picture wire it's called.
He had about thirty pictures to hang, and he had to measure it wall so it was spot on and he want, he wanted them all upstairs, he did, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight about twelve just downstairs in the hall way.
What?
Well they're not new blimming, new pict though they've decorated have n't they, they've done one coat now, I look like Nora Batty with wrinkles in this tights I told her to phone me from Woking station but she's probably er.
well she put, cos she usually she buy phone card or what does she call, cos I asked her do you remember?
Asked her what sort of coins she uses do you reckon they go with it, do they say on the front page then about that superstore.
What do they say, they're up in arms?
So where else will they then.
They want it updated, but I thought that was, doing away with it.
Is that, is that staying there?
Mm.
Do they, and where was that?

And they're actually, and that cricket.
Mm.
But does n't it cost them money?
That's what I'm saying, when it costs, does n't it cost Tesco's an extra lot of money?
Yeah, but then do n't they have to get permission?
But I ca n't see why they wan na put er a Tesco's, if there's a Sainsbury's coming to.
Oh this is Carla's, were economising you see, this is Carla, wants to, Christmas presents, we've made them.
They're chocolates.
There's them and then there's, there's those, they're not as good as those ones.
Because they're, they're the balls in there.
And these ones they've got just those erm smelly's in there, they're for her teacher's.
Yes, she made them for her teacher's as well, they'll chocolates.
So she had great fun making them.
Do you want a cup of tea Dave?
Want to put that on, I'll just nip upstairs oh.
June was saying that all they're tubes all broke down.
Got on one tube and that broke down from the end of she's at Liverpool Street then she had to go different end to Oxford Street, but she ended up in Charing Cross then she got on another tube line at Charing Cross and then that broke down, so she said it took hours, then she gave a taxi, had to get a taxi back to Oxford Street and, and from Oxford Street back to Waterloo and it's four pound and he gave her a change for a tenner instead, and she gave him a twenty pound note but, you know she's absolutely haggard, so I said it's just as well she can have a cup of tea before she goes, I just told her briefly about that so, erm, Carla's a bit late ai n't she?
It's just actually turning quite cold out there you know.
Where?
Yeah, but.
Oh my god one to ten it's got one in there already, so what have I got in there?
Which one?
That's the demonstration one probably.
Oh no perhaps she had an extra, oh no it's already.
These are what we took at the museum are n't they?
She went on a school trip to a museum and we gave her our little camera which I could never use.
And she's used it, you know, really, really.
They're really good the ones er of your trolls Carla it looks like it's an actual.

Oh god.


You had a good day at school then, yeah.
Eh?
Did he?
Disconnected his thumb?
Dislocated it?
. How did he do that then?
Mm, poor.
Mm, mm, mm, what about French today?
Oh.
You've passed your second one.
Oh well done, so how many more to go?
Well done.
How many did you have to do for that test then?
For the Gulf test.
They've got to a adjust the tie backs, they have n't put the tie backs up yet because they've got to come down a bit, I just hung them up to let them drop a bit.
Mm, very much so, the only thing I do n't like, I do n't like the, that pink against them, those blinds now, do n't know if I've got enough material to cover them.
Yeah.
Well done.
You're doing brilliant in French, absolutely brilliant, she has n't been doing it long.
Do you know French?

It's all so tremendous cos you're.
Just having a French lesson.
Jean's actually answered.
Start from the beginning again so dad can hear it.
Well done.
Good ai n't she?
That's good though is n't it?
Well she do n't, she has n't got, I mean Lee he can, I mean he's getting A's in French cos he does n't, he does n't, he did a tape with her did n't he the other day, they actually spoke to each other and they had a conversation.
but it does help.
because this, this, your friend, I mean you have n't been doing it long have you and she will only talk to you in French wo n't she?
Which is.
Cos Lee, since this one's been talking to him all the time.
she wo n't have English.
and I, I went to see her in open evening, I could n't understand her, cos she you know, she real, I mean she is French.
No not at all.
It's nice though that.
It's nice, yeah.
You've had it quite a long time have n't you?
That's right.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
The grey, I mean if, if they.
It's the wrong, that's the the wrong pink.
Mm, that's the only thing I do n't like.
But they, they so, so, you can, I mean I have n't phoned up yet, but, they, you can just have the, the slates replaced, you keep all your fittings.
and all your, all your weights and everything at the bottom and you just can have them replaced if you want.
Well I'm gon na work, see what it would cost.
alternative, I could buy that pink sheeting from John Lewis.
and run them up the strips.
You know make it sort of to match.
To give them, yeah yeah, do n't talk into it, it just, just chat away, they're, they're not interested in what you're talking about, it's just they're interested in erm on what's what, you know, what's, what's erm.
Sorry.
A tank?
What sort of tank?
Well what's it for?
You want something like a little erm, like a moose you know, a moose carton.
Well where you gon na get a baby canoe from any way?
You could ma, you could, you could get something like or erm a pudding bowl, then you could make a little baby canoe out of tin foil.
and the men out of tin foil.
Or pipe cleaners.
Can pick some pipe cleaners up, they're good for making little.
This stupid Lee at the moment for his exam, he's meant to have done it by Christmas and he has n't done it for C D T, and he, they had to just choose something erm to make that actually sort of works, so Lee could n't, I mean they did crane's and things like that and he could n't, the thing he came up with and he's teacher was a, a go erm, what was it Dave, a goalie stand in his goal.
and he had like a shooter thing that would er, erm a bolt or something would shoot the balls out.
erm, to give the goalie sort of practice, yeah,.
but he's still got to come up, he's got to make this thing, I mean it's gon na be enormous with football's.
Mm.
Mm.
Well this.
But I said to Lee, you know,.
have a chat with you, cos there might be something that you think that it could make, that sort of like, not such a big sort of model.
Well if you start cutting wood, you want to do things that are simple.
Well, why not use your own penny boat?
Cos they look like real people.
yes.
You can go and make, you, pick out, you're like Lee you pick out these hardest things.
Yeah, yo like you say y, I love the kids dearly I said to Dave I bet that's why this I weekend and he.
He said too, it'll do you good, sort of time, so I look do n't you think, ooh!
Do n't you think I look a bit.
haggard and my eyes and.
I'm starting to put on a bit of weight.
Which is good cos it was just.
just over erm er just over a stone I've lost.
And, you know, it sort of.
frightened me.
cos of this.
That's right and I mean, you know, it's like now my hair needs cutting and you know.
you just feel, I think when you've sort of lost much weight.
and I mean you know, and I always feel the blooming cold!
I mean I feel.
the cold anyway but sort of.
I said to Dave you could feel my hip bones and it oh.
it was awful!
I dunno.
you know I always said would n't it be lovely to be thin and I said thank God.
for a bit of fat on you!
I said because.
Mm have you seen Jackie lately?

He did n't want to go?
So how's erm young Neil?
What driving?
I bet!
Mm.
This is what he said?
He's really on a downer, is n't he?
No!
That's right.
Mm.
That's obviously her, that was her answer.
You just sort of wa you know, argue it an.
Who Neil?
Yeah but do n't you think he he he finds, I mean if alright y y you're not ex always exactly like your parents but if you've bro, if he's brought up, his mother's lazy.
so I mean you know, that's part of his life is n't it?
I mean it's he wo n't know better.
No.
That's right.
That's right he cos he is very bad on timing is n't he?
I mean, like you say, you ought you know you ought to buy her a talking alarm clock for Christmas.
Or a radio one.
so tha that would actually.
the noise.
Mm.
And make him do it, do it.
Mm.
now, I mean you've been very to Neil over the last year or so and I mean now it's time to get his act together.
She ca n't keep on.
I mean.
Nope but if you get, you know.
Mm but you ca n't.
you know, y y there's no more now, I mean, running around.
Mm.
That's right.
And really he's got to, I mean, you know, alright with work wise I mean he's got to take even if, I mean the kids these days, I mean, even at Neil's age, I mean you know, I've come the conclusion now these kids they think the world owes them something!
They're not like in our day.
I mean they really think I mean it's like Lee he's doing this work experience an yes it's great an it's a bit boring, mum and Dave said Lee, you know wake up!
This is reality!
This is what people go to work in an office.
work nine to five thirty.
He said we I tell you what I did n't like, mum an I said what?
He said, making the tea, I said tough!
I said what do you think you go.
into your I said you go into a job, your earning.
twenty five grand a year an and you're sat at that desk and you're boss?
I said it does n't it work like that Lee!
I said you're the general dogsbody!
He said oh God!
And I said we.
you know I said that is life!
He said, God, he said I did n't realize it's like that, I said, no you did n't!
Well I dunno I thi I think the teachers to be honest, Jean, no you.
know th the teachers in this I mean you know I do n't know, I mean so some of the teachers have got got really weird ideas!
I mean, you know, it it's unbelievable!
But.
Well it's just erm ah I do n't know, I mean there's there's certain things I mean, it it's like this maths I mean, I I spoke to her erm and she said yes Lee had come on and everything in his maths and I said we the thing is, I said, knowing Lee has difficulty in in th l in the high level maths, yes you do n't want to drop him, but surely I said I'm willing to help in my spare time, Lee's willing to do it and I said ca n't you show Lee I said I'm not I was n't trying to tell her.
you know, that what you were told.
and I think.
Oh I do n't know he under, when you that told he understood it a lot more than when she said it and she sort of went all.
No she answered me, she said well I have n't got time to sit down, explain it to them, they just got ta, if they're in a high level they should be able to grasp it and I.
that's no attitude!
You know the fact is they've got to erm be explained.
Erm I mean, Carla I ca n't fault her teachers.
at that church one she has learnt so much erm I mean this to speak French, now she speaking it in three weeks!
You know, it's unbeliev.
three weeks, that's all she's been doing it.
You know, I mean but this teacher wo n't stand no nonsense and I said to Lee y you were at it three years before you could speak like Carla speaks it!
You know she has learnt so much!
Erm i in this school, I mean.
they're very strict I mean.
you know but I think half of Lee's it there's no discipline.
but then.
Mm.
Mm that's right.
You are.
Mm but no what I'm sort of, getting back, I mean, you know, I do n't I think it's the kids I mean, I dunno why?
Whether they have too much or what they have but, I mean they're just they just think everybody owes them something, and it's like Neil, I mean, to me I mean I ca n't see why he ca n't get off his backside and go and work in a supermarket but it's not the job they want, the same answer I said to.
He would take if offered it?
There's a lot of I mean it's like.
Mm.
Mm.
That's right, yeah.
Mm.
No that's right!
What did he say to that?
That's right.
Yeah, but thing is I mean, you know, there's a lot of kids out there, I mean I've know with, sort of, Lee's friend you know, okay, with us I mean with Lee o okay we do n't I've often said to him, why do n't you get a Saturday job?
And he said no and I said okay, fair enough but then, you know you can say to Lee, well if you want something now you're gon na have to work.
and then he will, he'll go and do something.
Erm.
but thing is there's a lot lot of like Lee's friends and that and they say well I could n't work in a shoe shop and I would n't work in a, and I say why?
Well they say, well would you do jobs you do n't like?
Yes if I need the money.
Mm.
Mm.
Neil, I mean he.
No but I mean he has had a bad start.
But there are a lot of.
that have had the support but they wo n't get off their backsides and it tends to be this ge generation.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
That's right but you had the encouragement, who's that waving?
That car in front I dunno, he was waving, I just hope it was n't waving at us.
I dunno.
Maybe she was n't waving at us.
it was only for a minute.
No, no, no, she's not.
I think she's realized she's made a mistake she was waving away.
And thought it was somebody else.
But er no I mean there's th there's.
that they've just, you know I mean some of the kids I do n't know where we were going me and Dave somewhere or other we were and there was some kids an and their attitude, you know, it's well why should we do this, you know.
this is n't fair, I mean life's not fair.
Yeah probably yeah tha that does.
Mm.
Mm.
I dunno it's I mean you know it's.
Doing that's it it's alright for him to do it!
Ah but erm.
no I mean I I do really feel sorry Neil because people wa it it it makes me cross because people wo n't give Neil the benefit of the doubt.
You know and if they just wo n't give him a chance.
And I mean the fact you know y you can see his point, I mean.
Harry has n't given up totally I mean he has n't.
I mean he feels like it, obviously, like with.
his driving.
What's the point?
I've got.
no confidence who cares, you know, whether I pass or that I mean.
That's right, yeah.
You see.
It's that's my colour, is n't it?
In your got my fork instead of a spoon did n't I?
So it it's Paul has the other lodger gone yet?
Yeah.
He's a pain though is he?
What in his bedroom?
How does he put it out then?
Where did you buy that top you've got on?
It's lovely.
Is that the one, when you were with me?
Looks really nice on.
So have you seen this chap any more?
This new man is his name Mark?
Sunday?
Where did you meet him at?
What Dateline?
Oh you're not with Dateline any more?
Is it?
What about.
Is Ron still going with his?
Do you reckon he'll end up getting married?
No what on her side or his?
Wo n't she?
Would she lose he pension then if she got married?
Careful when you put your cup.
Careful when you pick that up, it's ever so slippery.
Oh so I suppose Trudy does n't know either?
Actually I ca n't blame her.
The thing is he's so is n't he?
It does n't, sort of, change anything Has he organized his?
Will he organize his?
No.
Cos how old is he?
He's quite good for seventy, in he?
The thing is now, you see there's no way would you change him?
But he would n't want it, would he?
This is lovely!
He's been going with her quite a while, though has he?
So she's just happy with that relationship, is she?
That's right he should really, especially tha at her age!
He should, sort of, honour her wishes should n't he?
So has he all gone to his gr mother's at Christmas?
Is he not going home then?
Yeah he'll he'll I remember he cooks for himself, does n't he an?
He I mean I know he eats you out of house and home, but he's quite a good lodger is n't he?
Mm.
So did Nev come and do your kitchen?
He's doing a lot in his house?
That's a lot.
Where's she going Christmas?
Are they?
What will Paul, just go and visit his mo Neil go and visit mum and then come back, cos although Paul's there.
it's better is n't.
it?
Are you gon na have a tree up?
Bernard Singers the what the netting?
Yeah that's all it is all it is is like.
like netting.
Oh that's what it's called?
Mm ninety nine pence a meter.
Erm Singers do every colour, it's just the fact she wanted to give friends a present and I said.
you know, it it you ca n't afford to to.
do it.
and I said to her one night, and we bought those bags of sweets, it was ninety nine pee for about forty.
and I said just put two or three in each.
that's enough for.
a child.
and she had great fun, we.
did them in an evening.
And I did n't use ribbon cos it would have worked expensive for her I just used that erm.
curly stuff.
for her.
But for kids, I mean.
they're only gon na throw.
it away, are n't they?
And it'll be a you know, a waste, ribbon, so I.
thought I'll just put that on it.
And she thinks they're wonderful.
Well.
Yeah they're so simple.
I mean, all I use I mean, if I was making them for somebody I would use about four or five layers and then I would put a piece of lace of braid or something at the top.
just to make, if I was making them really.
but for the tree I thought well I'm gon na make some I'm gon na make six, like the colouring we did erm the erm wa black, red and white.
on the top and then in erm go to three circles and then all different colour you know, erm.
That's right, yeah It's really hot is n't it?
Erm but you see these si I mean, Debs do it as well all that that netting.
But I think I would do four and the green's quite nice they do cos I've got a white Christmas, you see.
so I've got ta think what colour.
Have you still got your artificial or did you have new real?
But I mean I bought my artificial my white one ten years ago now.
I remember when I bought it it was about twenty five quid.
which was a lot of money.
then.
But it owes me nothing now.
I think if you get a decent one.
it lasts a long time, dunnit?
But I I could n't get over you know, I say, I had a quick look the other at Marks you know, to even do the Christmas serviettes they're doing a lot more and they said if people are n't buying as much on the clothes side erm so they they've come down, I mean now I can get erm come over, and I said you've never looked at Marks I said you never buy clothes, I said have a look in Marks, I said they do some really lovely.
and he saw two sweaters in there that he really liked.
and they were nineteen ninety nine.
It's a good thing too.
cos I would always thought Marks were that it was one day.
you know?
And usually.
but erm filling innit?
Look at that little boy there in the leather coat and the little glasses I think it looks lovely.
It's ideal though, is n't it, when y I suppose you go and do your shopping an somewhere to stop.
So what about erm so where are you going, to Johns ' or Mary Anns ' for the holiday?
Johns ' ooh!
These are the serviettes Who's coming over?
Ah!
How old's she now then?
Has ana Anorak gone down well in Stowmarket?
Oh.
Mm Are they in the up your way?
No?
Re an article in the paper about and it was saying the mar in Marble Arch that it it's got the top rating apparently.
It said Marble Arch was good erm but because you ca n't park here it gave a that you could do like three or four loads load your car up, come back, load your car up.
where in Marble Arch, nine times out of ten you've got ta get round the back to pick it up.
and so.
That's it.
Oh it was really those are flapjacks.
Mm try it in a minute not greasy at all that flapjack.
It's nice.
So when are you seeing this chap again then?
Is he, what's he looking for, is he does he wan na relationship or does he want.
Is he divorced or widowed?
Widower?
How old's this guy then?
How long ago did he lose his wife then?
Does he talk about her still?
A lot?
But he's not comparing?
Cos some of these are, sort of, like they go on and on and there, sort of.
But he he's nice?
Where do you go out.
Tesco's as you see it's got the er er the go ahead to er open Sunday's has n't it?
Now, is a big thing.
We co we were horrified with erm we got thing through the door like erm this one was like a survey thing saying they wanted to, you know er the cricket amongst others they wan na put a Tesco's superstore there.
And anyway it's in the paper in the paper this week and they've been saying that er the outrage the residents!
I mean, like Dave said, I mean, alright we could perhaps do with a superstore, but not the.
I mean that's a bit daft really!
Has he?
Yes because I know, do you remember we were gon na buy a house down there.
but then when we went into it they said erm obviously look at the development plans and it would go ahead eventually for something there, they did n't state what.
I mean it might be whatever year.
Yeah I remember you said.
Mm.
That whole bit?
Yeah.
Mm.
I do n't think they made it.
though, do you?
We do need one.
But they're are not.
how long has Anthony been there, twenty.
thirty years?
But Dave said Tesco's ca n't do, what they did they did it at Weybridge, they said let us buy your sight you say where you wan na sight and then they and we will build what you.
want on that sight.
for you.
But as John still got a lot of work on, and Mary Ann?
Is it getting?

Yes right.
Did he manage to see get it did he video it?
Oh Mary Ann did it, he'll be able to see it.
What did he think of Anneka Rice?
Is that's right.
Yes.
Did you see you with that gas that advert she did with that poor woman!
Yes.
Wonder why?
Yeah that's what I mean, they say ooh ca n't stand this woman sh but I mean, I do n't know why.
Probably.
I mean.
she's got a lot of get and go.
this is taping now so what was erm Libertys did they have it?
Re remind me tomorrow I must take those twenty vouchers.
to erm Debs.
and Jenny was saying she went to Debenhams yesterday they had a twelve day spectacular at eight thirty to eight thirty at night there was clothes they were half price plus you got a third of ten per cent off.
But I think a all the sales will be off before Christmas.
Yeah.
It is expensive.
You know what you should have done while you was up there this time you should have took asked for some samples.
No do you think that they will?
Yeah, but not only that, I mean, they will now all these shops are doing like a mail order.
and they would actually send and I know why because erm John Lewis in London erm Jackie wanted some fabric and she'd seen it up there and Harrods and erm she found out she did n't have her card with her, just her Barclaycard said would you post this we wou we'll have to charge you, like, two pound.
fifty packaging, but that's fine she said.
well I could n't get up there because she know.
park.
and she wanted sort of so many meters of each.
and the the they sent it to her.
And I suppose you could treat.
people this year, if they'd done all their Christmas shopping mail order.
Rather than, sort of go round themselves I reckon we'll take that with us.
Might want them for a cup of tea.
I think we should have got away with a small Coke, should n't we?
That's nice of them.
We've been thrilled with this work experience cos was Dave originally had these five days off taping and he said no, he said, you know you're so tired, have a little rest we'll go up I'll go up on the train only to get to the Selhurst Park he's got four or five train journeys.
and he has to get, like Woking to Surbiton Surbiton to Clapham Junction.
Clapham Junction to S S erm Thornton Heath and he has Thornton Heath to Selhurst Park.
So it's five trips.
there's no easier.
way.
round it and like Dave said it would've cost him, sort of, seven or eight pound a day in petrol.
and he managed to get a ticket for a week.
for fifteen.
pounds.
You know it.
but erm I bought.
sort of, quarter past seven he's had to leave in the morning to get there and then not getting home to, sort of, seven o'clock Dave picks up from the station and I think.
and I, sort of, said to him it's he's enjoyed it, he has n't, sort of, moaned.
He he just moans about the fact of making tea!
That just made us laugh because.
I said to Dave, they've got no idea the youngsters, have they?
They do n't.
no idea what so ever because erm he starts on this on Monday.
He's got three er he's got the, two languages the three sciences, biology, chemistry an erm what's the other one?
Science.
there and the maths.
So but I think with this I mean this homework, that's the only thing I do n't believe in because they've got ta revise it which is brilliant, I mean, at the moment but they also give them three hours homework a night!
No I ca n't talk.
I mean Jim was saying that Winston has given them two weeks off so.
alright I do n't two weeks is too long I think.
because obviously like Kim very soon after revising she's going out.
Erm but, I mean, you know, I think they need to s they should say, no homework for this week, because they've already.
got a lot.
just go through revision.
you know, two weeks before.
or something, no time.
off school,.
but total revision an I mean, the other night he sat in, he came home at four o'clock and he was up till nine thirty just doing homework.
He's hardly got time to revise much cos he's so tired!
And erm he he said it's stupid, he said they were given all this and it's the homework it's nothing to do with the revision you've got to do in his the exams!
You know, it's sort of, totally different.
Are we fit or?
Do you want or would like.
another cigarette?
You'll be alright, when you get.
Yeah.
Well you'll sleep well now always do.
Did you still put stilton cheese in that roll or did you want that?
Oh!
Is that it all or or did you try it?
Yeah and me look how much I've eaten.
Crikey, cos the last time you were down you had that stinker did n't you?
At all, no you need either a multi-vitamin or vitamin c.
Do you not take any any at all?
Oh yeah, well I wo n't tape.
Yeah, I said, I honestly ca n't believe, yeah, I said I though we had a good working relationship.
and you know why?
And he said well I'm pretty sure, but he said fifty, fifty and I said to him, well I said you know, you think about it but I'd already, sort of, made up my mind that I was n't gon na, sort of, next year anyway.
that that that is it!
As soon as his.
I said because, you know, I've had enough.
of us being used over and over!
I think I'm not she will then come in and let herself in, I have to be in at three.
o'clock.
and for somebody to let her in, but.
when she gets she's actually in thirteen.
so she's old enough to have a key.
Yes, I still would like to be in the house, but.
if I'm not.
she's old enough.
to let herself in.
That's right, you know, and I still pop in.
Yes it's in.
October.
mm.
Yeah.
Yes he is but the thing is cars at the moment are so cheap.
I can pick them up.
because, I mean it it's like anything at the moment it it.
it's sold so cheap.
That erm, made me laugh because he said to his secretary erm you know, I I honestly do n't think your time is she is so down in the mouth.
Well.
still I think it's the fact erm you know y you're not she's got a problem on her mind she's not been well you're not taking her serious.
you ought to cut the leash a bit.
which cos I think.
and.
she's obviously, you know, when you think what she does for you, marvellous!
Erm and she said an also I think she wants to ask you something and you know she asked you before and you've taken no notice!
And and he said well do you think I ought to give her, you know, what about two pound a week?
And she said well look all I'm, all I'm.
saying is that, all I'm is erm why do n't you erm ke do n't think of the money because how valuable is she to you?
And it it really shook him up and she turned round and said he turned round and said, very valuable.
And he said well happens, she said what happened if she walked out tomorrow?
He said I could never replace her he said e nobody is to she is he said I just could n't, he said I'd you know, I'd pay what I'd have to.
he said we'll be realistic.
he said, you know fifteen pounds a week, and I said to him what about the petrol?
I said, you know, it's costing fifteen pound a week in a, a least and you you're you're paying ten and he said, no he said, he said I think that's ample, he said.
Go on, I put that in on Wednesday and I've got to about a quarter of a tank again.
So it'll be.
tomorrow I put it in.
They use a lot yeah the ch I put it in my I mean, I said yesterday to him, we've got the decorators in and then co they turned round and said he is meant to be a businessman and they said he can not believe they've never met tha such a penny pinching guy.
in all our life!
They come in, he said somebody with a house like this, the money you've got, the cars that got.
and he turned round penny pinching, saying that you know, why has this cost me thirty quid, why ca n't I.
get it for twenty?
They nearly walked out last week!
They just honestly could n't believe that.
somebody could be like that.
No.
Oh he could n't do anything about it?
Perhaps they're fiddling.
a bit.
That's one way to put it, anyway and he said that and he said he lost out on six hundred pounds?
Did he not, sort of, think to take them to court?
I suppose it would have cost him more in court fees!
It's awful is n't it?
I bet he was really, sort of angry?
But the er it's does he still see them or?
No.
Right, shall we make tracks?
Get out quick!
That's it.
Oh!
He had n't?
Come on car, do n't start playing on me now when I want to get home.
So it's like that without, I mean, with Carla, I mean, you ca n't you know, you just ca n't think when you've got ta I mean she would have been bored and she would n't have looked at the gifts.
Oh you're clever.
I ca n't get out u any o another other way!
No it's dreadful they are give it up but I said.
I with my nerves at the moment.
I'll go up Tescos way sure it gets busy over here, dunnit though?
I mean it's not packed though, the shops were n't I mean tomorrow morning it'll be m murder there it'll be.
people with kids, see at night time.
they do n't.
come with the kids.
Might have won the Jean.
in the Spring.
We all know, sort of, what's, sort of, happening.
Cos, I mean you've got the feeling that, did n't you that Neil might move on.
No I do n't apart from getting married I do n't think he'll leave you!
I th I think though, you know, after a year or two if he'd moved away an if he moved out the area he would then break with his mother.
It's the fact, that's how I see it.
the fact.
mother was, sort, up in Wisbeach.
and I was in Surrey.
What price you get.
She.
That's right.
Is your friends have they had anybody look at theirs yet?
Yeah.
That's right.
Mm.
Shower, that's right.
Mind you Neil's not worried about parading around with nothing on, is he?
Mm.
Do n't you like his new dressing gown, he was in.
last time?
What was he like, when you took cos you took the boxer shorts.
dressing gown and some.
silly bits, oh no sweets biscuits.
was it?
I bet he was like a big child, was he?
Do you think she'll buy him something.
Sh she's going to?
Well why did n't she pay for his lessons then?
that's when he wanted help.
How he's supposed to tax and insure it and run it? have said!
Just because you've passed your test does n't mean.
I mean, it's years normally before someone can get a car.
You can use.

She's sh she's a bitch, she's a oh has she still got that horse?
How does Neil get on with y Philip?
Oh they do?
I was very surprised about Tony though.
Cos I remember you saying about he did n't really want to know did he, about the ad er er.
If he was still living with you he would n't wash his hands of Neil, would he?

I think you probably could have stopped anyway.
you know, would n't it?
I said, well was it like a part-time thing?
Well you can it's like.
Dave these computer been you know up in the air for about six months and Dave said you've got ta get it repaired he said, cos you know y he's got ta print out on it and everything.
a lot of his work is, sort of, rather than getting copies you just do a printout.
and erm you know, and I said Carla needs it for work anyway so Dave said I'm gon na while I'm on holiday I'm gon na do all the stupid jobs, so I can take that computer in.
and he said only cost about twenty cost about twenty five quid to get.
repaired.
took it in and they said well they have to send it away and Dave said, yeah okay, he said well it's forty nine pound before you start.
and erm providing it's nothing, sort of major and that forty nine pounds will cover but if they find anything major they're it's on top of their forty nine pounds!
And I said to Dave, you need somebody you know like a.
handyman or so something like Neil, I mean.
to fix things like that.
so that if they charge twenty quid when they start.
you know, half the price.
you know that's.
you could make the money up.
Mm.
And that's not very.
No.
Oh I see.
I see so if he gets.
some money coming in.
Mm.
Oh dear.
Yeah.
What will you charge, twenty five for that one?
Just bits and pieces.
he does n't want main.
meals, sort of thing.
When's he moving in then? as soon as.
Have you seen what we've done in our garage?
We took erm just wood beams across for canoes.
might as well up there.
In the garage, yeah that's what we did we.
the ladder and.
everything on the beam.
But what happens if Philip's still there?
On the sofa, for now, yeah.
That's right but twenty five quid is a hundred quid a month, innit?
You get thirty from Paul, do n't you?
Twenty pound from that's seventy quid.
Two eighty a month.
So what does it did Philip pay up on time?
What about Paul?
But has n't he got that job still then?
At?
Oh he's just started.
So has he been there this week, Paul?
Next week he'll get paid.
So from next week you start getting paid.
That's it!
Mm he ca n't, you know, he's.
That's right you're gon na, sort of,.
Yeah he you ca n't keep on and on helping them out, I mean, they've got ta.
themselves I mean.
Sha n't be sorry to see Philip go, will you?
Why does he just hang it you know put in the tumble dryer or hang it in the garage?
Has Tony taken all his stuff out?
Is he in his house yet or is he still in that.
Asleep.
So what er so how does he cope now then?
She'll soon get fed up with that.
No you should n't, I mean you.
Mm.
But if you'd said oh well I'll prepare, what about if I prepare you, oh yes well I'll have that probably if you'd got done it he'd have it because he had to help himself.
See do n't.
Tell you something I'd like to pick up tonight, if I see it is a blooming couple of trays.
I tell you really, I mean, I used to have one and went to look.
The amount of ti, sometimes I feel like a bowl of soup, especially with not being, I felt like a bowl of soup and then.
not wanting to sit in the conservatory.
winter and then, you know, you have to sort of use a plate to.
and Dave said why do n't we.
have a couple of trays, and I know it's so easy.
and we had a couple Mark's had them, I sa, but they wanted fourteen ninety nine.
I mean they probably are quite expensive but I mean I I'm sure A and N or somewhere, Debenhams or somewhere would have them.
I never noticed that!
All-weather pitch.
And we had one rugby pitch.
Up there by those weather boards.
What about, have you heard from them lately?
Who Jenny?
They all do, do n't they?
What about have you heard any more of her cos she was having trouble with her husband, was n't she?
Still bad is it?
I expect Jenny, her kids are off at school now are n't they?
I do n't.
Did n't like she was more the career girl was n't she, I think?
She's very good at it was n't she?
That's right.
the bath off.
Unless there's a special fluid or something they could put it in there to wash through.
Mm.
Mm no but it even for a.
plumber it's a big job.
So is that Lee, jacket that's got a hole in it?
Why?
What the new jacket we got off Lee?
But why, why did it?
I doubt it.
We did n't, we have n't cos Les has to go through the books and charge.
so we do it, we have like Nigel as our own plumber.
and he does n't charge, he charges still.
but not as much.
Do you want a cup of tea now?
Bugger!
It can.
Got a burning in the tum now.
Got a burning in the tum.
So did Carla go off okay?
Course you can.
Put your glasses on to see.
Can you spot a little clip?
Yeah the little microphone.
such a silly little thing.
No answer?
Oh yeah it is.
He's probably down the pub!
Does n't go to erm his brothers or something afterwards?
And.
Mm.
I've lost the little silver thing.
It's a little just a funny shaped bracket thing it's sort of stand.
Yeah well I had it here so I dropped it.
It's probably floating round.
So what did Jim have to say much?
When's he coming back?
My little stand to go with the microphone, I had it here probably fallen in my handbag.
Still got three of our tapes go than the rest of them!
Mm We're on number three she's not allowed to go home till she's done at least seven!
I have three now.
have?
A week.
Only started last night.
Do n't have nothing else in your life it's probably in this stupid handbag!
So what is there no answer as Nigel's?
I think actually he he g does n't he go to his Gym.
Well it was n't your fault was it?
It's not even silver at all, it's black!
Stupid I lost my fags!
So is it a good li lovely meal.
Mm chicken gourmet right erm with a pop poppadom was it?
Poppadom.
I'm going to scream in a minute!
bloody loud!
Erm I've found the original packet I lost.
From the restaurant Oh my God up need any matches when they're not lost ha Dave so they never offered Lee any.
For what game, what for Wimbledon games?
All it is, he had to help, there were fifteen and seventeen year olds, were n't they?
Older than him and they were mentally er.
wh is i yeah but Lee said they was n't, they were just, I think kids that er rough kids there was big coloured.
chaps were n't they?
He said did he do football today?
Oh he could do it at work?
Did he go in and see that girl?
Why?
Mm.
But was his bath hot?
Just does n't come out quick mm.
Mm you'll have to be careful cos that could affect the heating too, wo n't it?
Cos it's the hot water that comes on the tank runs through the.
Is it?
Well we had a wonderful time at Marks and Sparks.
Did n't we?
Should of bought most of our Christmas pres and a holdall to carry them in.
How about that!
Oh, we've got ta finish it off tomorrow.
I do n't want them after this visit tomorrow I might go out one more time.
just for a few bits and pieces and any extras and.
that's it.
It's probably better, cos I mean normally I start back in January.
Turn that number three up to number four might be just sometime a the ther you know it might need it on number four.
Yeah.
Erm we do have it on sometimes.
when we have you, little lights off.
Looks quite effective.
Nine times out of ten you put the big, sort of the kids always put the big lights on, I like low.
lights.
but the kids always put the big.
tend to put the big, oh this cup of tea's wonderful!
Oh I'll show you that letter you told me to read cos I got a here.
That's my letter on top and then the letter underneath it's the people.
Yeah.
Just got ta fill in fill in this today's the ooh that one there, I'll let you just have a look at the Debs book and that Marks and Sparks.
But these are W H Smith's a Woolworth's.
Oh that what I was gon na show you that's Peter he bought it and did n't want it, you look at this month's Prima for Christmas.
What now?
Have n't got any money to pay him!
Just do n't tell me then.
Cos we ca n't afford to blow it out every see how much Nigel says it's gon na cost first just do n't give me any more stress, please!
I ca n't cope!
Oh that's what you told me, I know, but it's easier said than done, innit?
talking.
You goading.
Jean.
even if we see each other every week we still have loads to talk about.
I do n't I hope you have n't shown him in David!
Ooh it's this spot, I shall in a minute you have n't seen a leaflet Dave, for Debenhams have you?
There was one out in the kitchen.
The Christmas catalogue, it's called Debenhams.
it's just like one of these brochures, I had two of them.
Yeah.
Ooh tomorrow Debenhams?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, I'm full of tricks like that!
What does he think it is?
Mm.
He will, I was gon na say he'd be here till two o'clock I do n't know why.
And just say y your wife's taken ill.
Ah!
That wo n't hurt will it?
Oh for God's sake!
I've put occupation, husband!
No we did n't we thought there was a bomb alert in the toilet in the restaurant, did n't we Jean?
This hi oh the made her edgy!
So now I know why they tell you fill this as you go along cos you forget what.
Will you tell him that, it might be the thermostat's gone.
What's your regional accent, Jean London?
Northern?
How do you spell friend, F R I.
forgets do n't you?
What you looking at there?
The Marks and Spark's book?
Is that what you're looking at, no?
Prima.
Got some really.
interesting things.
Yeah really.
lot is n't there?
Yes for that I do n't know cos in wo one oh actually it might be this they've added this ste Essentials actually on conversation it is a you end up with so many do n't you?
And I have n't thought like that really.
and half of it is rubbish and decent rubbish and that's rubbish there it is I knew it was in here somewhere I knew I thought it was in the Prima they gave it to you but obviously it was erm in Essentials everything out of there do n't think they had many Christmas You used to was it you, you see you can make your own, was it you that we went up to town that time and brought those erm from John Lewis the round.
it was you.
did you use it?
For what?
No.
What did you decorate them or did you just leave them plain?
Oh!
Oh no I thought you bought just some plain green ones.
No?
Perhaps we were going to and then decided.
against.
I did n't mean to laugh when you said it it blew away down the drive!
You can just imagine this bloody thing dri flying away down the drive!

Oh yeah, yeah.

Away!
Mm.
No, no I was gon na say some you know, just sort of just some ideas are good but I tell you have n't they got some beautiful erm candle holders around this year some really unusual ones.
Was it that well that was quite good.
Mm.
Here you are one time only twenty s twenty per cent savings on a single purchase of Debenhams own brand throughout the store erm Debenhams has bought to blah blah blah outstanding values da da da and to encourage to do your Christmas shopping at Debenhams we'll making a special offer that you wo n't be able to resist until December the twenty fourth commencing on November you can get an amazing twenty per cent off at any Debenhams own bought range, that means you can shop throughout the store, visit every floor, buy all your gifts under one roof and save twenty per cent providing you do all your shopping in one go to get the benefit of the voucher because the voucher can only be used once from men's, woman's fashions, accessory, children's clothes, furnishings, gifts simply present this voucher and attach simply present the voucher attach and receive the train fare discount, we hope you enjoy your shopping.
Well you think today i if you'd had that.
at mark, that twenty six quid,.
that be.
No fifty quid.
double cos that's ten.
per cent, yeah.
Here Jean just look at this, this is what Carla wants for Christmas, look that doll, she collects porcelain dolls.
Is n't she gorgeous!
Nineteen ninety nine, I do n't think that was bad.
Yeah?
Because i that she can keep right through adult life, ca n't she her.
thing, and she's so careful with them.
Cos you know how her ballerina one she's got you bought.
her from John.
Lewis the.
musical one.
I mean nobody's allowed to touch it!
You know, I mean, it's fair i.
Cos she said to me the other day, she said have you been in my room and touched?
And I said no, I was going to, she said I think you have, she said, because you've moved the ballerina and I did I listened to it.
While I was making her bed.
Oh she knew.
But she said leave my bed, I'll make my bed myself now.
But they've got some lovely, lovely things in.
But you have that Mark's and Spark's catalogue to take back with you.
Because y they've got a good lot of recipes in there, fish and.
all and you do a lot more cooking than me, I know they've got some really good.
That's right yeah but I mean they've got some really, sort of you know, like those things, what have you said tonight that you like, those that jar of stuff, was it something in rum pineapple?
Where is it?
Can I just pinch the Debs on back again?
But it's the first time I've ever known Mark's to do a catalogue with their gifts in.
Well Debs has never done one.
Mm.

I love that, look at that!
Ever worn them?
The basque thing, they're called.
Basque.
If he did he would n't you would n't of kept it on would you?
You would n't of kept it on long!
I think that that Christmas tree is definitely you.
That forty nine.
pound.
cos, I mean, that.
did you hear that woman behind?
Said she would never think, she said I thought it was real!
She said, she said the one next to it.
she said now that looks artificial, but I would never have thought the.
cheaper one!
The fifty nine pound that looked one that looked.
but I know it cos the other week when I had to work till half past eight for Peter, he was having a dinner party and erm we went down there, I had to go shopping with him, he made me die cos he asked me if I'd work a bit later and I said yeah I need the money, so I'll work later so er he made me die because he said in this flare up, this argument when when I worked that day, I mean, I worked all day, I had nothing to eat and I could n't eat af, you know, cos of this trouble I could n't eat after.
four o'clock.
and er anyway he got home about half past three so we had to go down to Marks went down to Marks, came back and he bought me a sandwich, I said I've eaten nothing all day, bought me this sandwich, I was hoping to go away at six.
and at eight o'clock I went home and anyway he went to pay me my weeks money and h he gave me an extra ten pound.
I thought that's big of you, I mean, I would have charged him more anyway.
but.
I did n't I thought.
Oh well.
he's.
given me ten pound bonus.
and when we were having this argument on Wednesday he said I said we what what was your reason then for not paying me for that when I was genuinely sick and he said er oh he said because I gave you such a good bonus last week, I said what was that then, he said erm twenty five pounds, I said no you did n't!
I said, you know, I did some extra hours for you.
oh yes he said I've worked it out those extra hours I've paid you for them but I thought you actually worked for them for nothing and I've just given you a bonus.
and er.
Well the these.
these decorators just could not believe how.

they were just so amazed!
Just, you know, th th well they just could n't, just could n't believe that somebody could actually you know, sort of, react, sort of, in in that way.
Was it?
But did you tell tell him that, it does n't get that hot in the conservatory?
Nothing to do with that and the radiator key?
It's a worry, is n't it?
I suppose even sort of, with a with a plumber, you know, y you do n't I mean, I suppose they do n't always know what they're looking for.
Mm, the thing is the guy that used to live here was such a bloody prat!
A did n't help chap!
And the jobs we've found.
that that's gone wrong because he's a do-it.
yourself chap.
it's just totally unbelievable!
Yeah.
What about your leak that came through the ceiling, is that cleared now?
Mm.
Oh!
God!
Mm.

Mm.
Is that going wrong then?
So was he the guy that did everything himself then?
But that flakiness and that is obviously when it was new he did n't let it dry out, he just painted.
over it.
What from there?
And they wo n't pay out again will they?
Did they come and check it first or they just.
Mm.
Mm, very clever is n't he?
So you've just got a curtain round it?
Mm.
Mm.
You've got a new cooker have n't you?
Those, bloody useless one though!
Oh I've seen that.
Mm.
Oh my God!
So you did n't to buy it.
Gas fire.
Is it still working now, the fire?
But after about three hundred quid innit?
That's th the trouble is they keep repairing, they do n't tell you this do they, I mean.
they could have, sort of, said look.
God, what was that bloke!
Was he a youngster or what was he that lived in your house?
Blooming idiot, were n't he!
Are you gon na be but these D A Y, D I Y.
are okay if they know what they're doing, but I mean th this this guy, I mean.
Mhm.
No.
Yeah.
I know that was you but y you do n't, I mean I remember u the fire we used to have here and it was n't till I gave it to a friend, I mean we kept here for a year alright, lucky enough, we did n't use it anyway I gave to a friend who doing car boot, I found it in the attic an he said to me Brenda, he said, did you ever use this fire?
He said well obviously you did n't, he said, cos you'd be dead!
I said why I?
He said, how are y he said the wiring on this, he said if you plug this in, he said ho, you'd electrocute yourself!
I said, you're joking and I said they sell the house to you.
you know, and you.
plug it in and they.
obviously just left it, luckily.
enough we did!
Well.
Well it's, I mean, you know, it's I I do n't think I could live with the conscience, if I was selling I would say well look.

Mm.
Mm.
That's it.
Mm.
But even if you did n't sell, I mean but, death trap things electrical things, I mean you would.
sort of feel you know, I mean, I've known people where, I mean, it was like us the day we moved in here.
went to bed that night and thought gas, you know and the blooming boiler, lucky it did n't blow up!
I mean it had all, it had gone!
You know, I mean, the next day we had the gas man out.
and said we, you know, we we lucky we were n't gassed!
You know I mean people are so, sort of, un un trustworthy and.
well they're just not honest are they?
You know I mean, alright y you wan na sell your house and everything, but I mean for goodness sake, I mean!
That's right, I mean.
Mm.
That's right.
Ah!
So he's just like a child is n't he?
Th does n't the does n't the stepfather, sort of, say anything?
is n't it?
We'll get the stuff in then.
When she's gone off the.
cos I dare say we'll latish in bed, cos you wo n't be that late with Marge in bed, will you, tomorrow night?
Not of Maureen spoken to her lately?
That's right I remember you saying.
Has it gone off again, Dave?
in the kitchen.
If it's the and that down it he could n't see a blockage.
And as soon as he put some funnels and that down it rods pressure came back.
So you ca n't, but what Dave's saying is i if lighting the boiler and then it's going.
switching off and.
the water's stone cold.
What about the did n't you say tha what was the central heating thing, why was that hot?
Bet that boiler has already had it!
What just sixty five in a bath?
Oh what do you think it is then?
Has it gone.
up again then?
Where's the thermostat for that then upstairs in the attic?
Yeah but why would it be all of a sudden need to turn it up now?
Oh you've turned it down?
I thought you meant a.
I mean it's been.
apparently alright, I mean.
But you do n't you remember Carla had a bath Sunday she ha, we had a bath about nine o'clock and then when we got back she went to have her bath and she got in it and it was stone cold!
There's no hot water was there?
And it was about three hours later and I said to her.
There thermostat?
How much long do they last?
Mm.
Yeah.
So does, it that a new one.
that's on there?
Yeah.
Would have they put when they put the boiler in cos the boiler w we've had in three years.
Yeah cos they did a lot of work did n't they, or they should have done er.

they put the new bo o the only thing, we had everything new three years ago except for the they did all the work in the attic.
No, they do.
Yeah, no they just put pipes and that they run in there.
Different pipes but.
Yeah.
Mm.
Brian and.
who's the other one?
No.
Lofty Lefty.
Brian yeah.
Lefty.
Yeah they did it.
Well we do n't know cos the day we moved in.
it blew up.
Servowarm in there and then Les.
would.
You do n't we were u we had to use the immersion did n't we cos w we moved in in the June and Lofty and Brian said well do n't have it done cos you're not gon na use until August so we they did it August time for us so but we did n't use Servowarm cos it had blown up, they just disconnected it for us, so we used the ho the immersion heater.
until they came.
and then when they did it thr three months after we moved in.
we went back to we had the new boiler.
put it.
It's all very confusing Jean innit?
Well the fire's a dump.
Well it's just it just goes on and on and on dunnit?
I put a ha ha it's age next to you I put thirty seven!
God what a what an idiot I am now!
You're not!
Oh I've got you down as sixty two dear.
God I did n't realize you was that!
Dear me!
Ah dear dear dear dear have n't they got in the Prima some lovely er Christmasy things?
Oh I must s sort your your watch.
the reason I did n't post it.
I went to post it in the index book I've got it's stopped it's been in.
my jewellery box.
and it and I looked at it.
at the battery so.
if we take it tomorrow.
get them to do it while you wait.
Well they do it.
within an hour so we.
drop it in.
and then er.
and your lipstick as.
well, in the bathroom.
That's here erm what else di did you see this lovely picture of Carla?
Did you see that one?
Good one of her, innit?
Oh you saying.
that they had a ki ki she had a fes you know the festival we went to?
Well they did a, straight afterwards they went to a Kingston one gets there, here's the bloody judge adjudicator!
The same guy!
Well Tracey pulled most of us out.
and again he picked the dro th not dancers, non-dancers and all that.
anyway the festival company, Kingston, phoned up Tracey and said, you know, have we upset you?
And Tracey said what do you mean?
She said well you've pulled half your dancers and they're such good dancers, what's happened?
And she said well I'm very sorry she said but your adjudicator's so rude and the way he described himself, he should.
never get up and dance like he does!
Because that's what she she noticed.
and cos I told.
her you had.
and she said er and they said well we've had so many complaints we'd never ever have him again.
He's been to banned from Hounslow, banned from Kingston.
Because he's just it's sort of a pain in the backside!
Yeah aw awful sort of chap!
Mm better go and get Carla in a minute, it's only in the village we've got ta go.
He's got ta go and get a suit tomorrow ooh my God it's like a nightmare innit!
Doug took him over in the week to look Mark's but I mean they're beautiful suits.
but they're you know.
expensive.
He's got to though has n't he?
He's got to look.
He does?
Mm.
They they they buy very expensive things do n't they?
Mm.
Do they buy, sort of, when they buying like Christmas presents do they lash out on them too?
Varying sort of choice presents are they?
Every three weeks she has to?
Yeah.
muck are n't they?
How often does he have to change the suits you know, how long do they last?
Because they must, I mean even though Mark's are good suits, I mean they must get a lot of wear.
He must get.
He must have to have about half a dozen though, must n't he?
I mean he's on the site.
he's in the office and he's meeting clients.
Probably Reading.
No he does n't get that time what about his shirts, where are his shirts from?
Marks.
Mm.
Mm.
God if that's that thermostat gone!
The thermostat's the worst thing innit?
You've got ta.
it wo n't be a simple, it wo n't be valve.
or a mind you, a pump's the other worst one, is n't it?
The thing is you've got to it's it's like Nigel, I mean, he works for my uncle erm and he had the other guy Mark working for him for a few years and then he employed Nigel, but Mark was n't a fully qualified plumber and Nigel was and he's ooh I do n't know about I think he's about nineteen or no he's about twenty three I think, yeah.
twenty three he is.
is Nigel erm and him and his girlfriend he's just bought erm a maisonette down you know.
well it's a house and.
turned into, sort of, like.
maisonettes.
the ground floor he's got erm and then he's got a sort of I do n't know how it's it's a big house and it's sort.
of like cos a maisonette's got an upstairs has n't it, and his.
That's right well I think he's got the downstairs then, he has n't got an upstairs.
I'm not sure and erm course they're you know, struggling to do the mortgage but it it's good because he you know, he's done quite a few jobs for us.
and I mean it's like.
now, I mean when he's come before we've always, sort of you know paid him, sort.
of, on time and.
whatever.
and normally somebody'll phone him up oh it'll be a week before I can get out.
And as I said, when you get hold of a good tradesman.
and treat them right.
you know y it's so.
these days, I mean, I know over at Windersham but they ca n't get a plumber and I was talking.
to the.
decorators and they were saying that their plumbers they charge a hundred pound a day!
You know and do the work.
But erm y you just ca n't ca n't.
get hold of good tradesman tha that you got your washing machine chap have n't you?
I mean he's what does he do?
Too busy.
Have you got a tumble dryer then?
So we freeze to death!
Well he does n't know, he turning it off and he says we've got ta, sort of, try it and if for some reason the water gets red hot we've got ta turn the whole system down.
And off.
Cheers Nig.
Thanks a lot So?
So what ca n't we have the heating on then?
Oh yeah.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
The blockage?
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
You.
would never have known that would you?
Is it?
But what so i it does he think something from the ga cos it keep coming on and off?
It's always coming on and off though innit?
Yeah it's always yet if you run a tap now turn the hot tap on that'll come on.
again?
No it does n't you run the top tap now in the kitchen, turn it off that will ignite and come on go and try it.
Well no because it'll tha it does n't work like that it takes about cos it's cold it's gon na take about an hour to warm up and that wo n't come on that'll just cu keep coming on and off all the time till it's hottened up.
Yeah it wo n't I mean, that wo n't stay on for an hour I mean I've literally had a hot bath put the water on, you know, af it goes off at nine o'clock in the morning put that radiator, put that button on to reset the hot water for five minutes it's bo boilers lit up ten minutes and then it's gone off.
and I think a but you could n't go and have a bath cos the water will be stone cold.
No it's always been like that.
Yes because y if you've used all your hot water you ca n't have that boiler going for an hour or two can you?
Cos it'll be so hot it gets so hot that boiler.
Well no because there's a ba pa pan of potatoes is a bit different to.
Yeah I suppose so.
No.
Yeah, half past nine.
Did you do much in rehearsals tonight.
I should clean it.
Oh that's good is that a boat out of that shampoo lid?
Come on Dave!
You're barred!
Mm.
No it's my tupperware box.
You put some insulating tape round it cos that peels off.
Well no it's only seventy pee a roll it might take two rolls but at least it's, sort of, done.
Well alright I'll get you some.
Rather than paint it cos I I wan na use that again.
Well I think it looks good but like that cos it looks like clear water.
Yeah but it do n't look like a sh like it does with a shoe box.
And let that sit in the shoe box and then tape the shoe box.
No I do n't think it is.


Get some glass.
some bits from the garden.
You got a clever old dad!
Who's is that, dad's suggestion?
Is n't it surprising at what you can make.
I mean, out of.
a shampoo lid!
What we need to do is do n't we?
Yep it was j just finished this diary, I've got all the wrong dates!
All in a muddle!
Oh oh!
Alright.
Yeah i well he's just distressed cos I think Gill's phoning him in the morning and she said she'd give him a lift to the hospital.
Who to?
So she might be better he might be better going with Gill, I'll tell him tonight erm she's going over there at two and coming back at three thirty and she wanted Lee to go, like, at three thirty and she'd bring him back at half past eight at night.
I do n't think he'd wan na stay five hours.
He's in hospital.
Because he's not very well and I might say him.
what he can say that he'd go with her but he'd had to be back, sort of, by four cos he's going out with you he says that, that'll get him out of it then wo n't he?
Cos Gill's phoning him.
about ten thirty what time's he coming in tonight?
Nobody knocked did they Jean?
So what d I want some soap what do you want Carla, Plasta.
Oh green Plasticine.
What from the supermarket?
Well why ca n't you walk down to the Co-op tomorrow when you're at dancing and get one yourself.
Cos I'm not I'm not near a supermarket, tomorrow.
I'm not.
What's that for then?
So did you ask Tracey if she had the results?
What she say?
Got your results yet?
This one's.
I might actually have to take some Gaviscon tonight.
So he did n't say what time he'd be in?
Pencil.
Lolly stick.
Cocktail stick.
Yeah cotton buds.
That looks like a paddle.
No even with the white things.
Ear picks.
In the bathroom.
It looks like they're a paddle, does n't it?
Yeah.
Or you could leave it on it's own, could n't you cos it's got the white things like dad's.
got th that shaped at the end.
That's quite a good i, go and get one and see that you cover it tin foil if you want but it'll probably be alright as it is.
What a brain box ah!
I bet that has n't got ta be in for a week!
There's a.
She's got to please the teacher all the.
so much.
and she.
Every night she comes out, I've got ta do the homework, it'll got ta be in tomorrow, normally gets a week!
When's this got ta be in by then Carla?
Well look, well you can do it if you want to do it but i.
but you know, you do n't have to do it.
Oh she's got ta be.

Should see her work, her books!
Mm.
It was fu ah!
It was funny she did erm.
Yes.
The tin foil.
looks nice.
When's this got ta be in by?
Is everybody gon na do it or is it your choice if you do it?
If you use the.
You said you had to model it but make it, squeeze it in the middle so it's fatter at the ends that's it, so it looks like a canoe.
paddle, yeah.
Oh I've opened the boot I got ta bring, you wan na bring all the shopping in Dave, ha ha?
Y you ca you can talk to Jean there's that paper.
Not yours!
well it's good!
Well that got me to a lot of good for warmth!
Got not sleeves in it!
Stick that on the wall, want to put it up there, see if you can?
Oh I like the little red basket.
And you'll be pinching all the chocolates off this!
But once up you can put in fro you know, you can afford to put some little bows and some.
little decorations yourself, ca n't you on it?
Yeah.
Can you pass that card again, I did n't have a closer look, did you buy it here?
Yeah, thought I would n't notice!
Oh yeah!
That goes up.
And this year they've got some de like this beautiful gold and silver out!
They really have got some.
Could do but I.
Yeah so you want two paddles on do n't you?
If it's if it's a.
either cos that's a C Canadian paddle.

What we're doing is, when they've gone to.
Does she.
cos if they're supposed to be.
I put it there.
Do n't they look lovely those bags?
Those Marks and Spark's bags, can you see them all?
No I was telling you she did this this erm maths and she got a ah at the end of it she got a, like, pleasing work and at the end of it the teacher had written erm your work is beautifully presented Carla erm you work i instead of your work and Kim says that teacher's a bit naughty she's missed the r out!
So she went and told her she said.
You know, Mrs it's nice but, you know, you've missed the r out, she said have a house point, she said.
the good.
a disc.
that was it.
How.
can tell if y a extra hot then?
Did you rub it?
They're my sewing scissors!
Every sewing scissor I get in this house.
Well we do n't need to do it now, cos you're going to bed oh!
You're going to bed!
Go on then got ta sit down and do the list and see what and see what, what's what Just now, you feel that warmth on you now?
My legs were so cold you could really feel the draft!
Well you could could n't, you put your coat on.
Are they?
That's the draft then, I can feel it, it's freezing, Jean with that.
it really is.
You take it off and you.
In.
Keeps all the warmth of body heat in.
Yeah, can you take these two cups to dad please darling?
What did dad cook you for your dinner?
Ooh!
Ah!
We had chicken curry.
and a piece of flapjack.
Fatties yeah!
But we could n't eat all the curry it was very, both of us at one time, we could have scoffed the lot!
Your stomach, obviously with this virus, your stomach's reduced is n't it?
No.
and cancer, that's right, I remember you saying.
Oh.
Mm.
I was n't when I lost it!
No when I lost it I th I do n't want to be this thin I want to put it on again.
Free.
Oh that's free.
Oh that's a good idea, is n't it?
Was it a pub meal?
Yeah but they do some, those pub meals they reckon now are best value for money and the most.
filling.
Right you go and get your jimmy-jams on, I'll be up.
God.
Well that meal tonight was n't exceptionally big that curry.
normally we'd eat that and a great big gateaux!
But I mean no I think I think it's obviously sort of sort of reduced.
and you,, I used to eat so slow they'd all all sort of finish and I was still sort of tuck.
I said I do n't know what i.
whether, I dunno, what it is whether it is your your tummy reduced or.
Oh I wondered what you.
What have you got in that little bag?
Oh.
Do you wan na drink of fresh juice or something?

No?
Alright then.
No I do n't want any.
I'm fine.
Do you wan na put this on?
No.
It's years old.
It's one we normally keep in the attic but we've been keeping it down here.
now because of it's like Lee if James sleeps they sleep in the erm down here.
They camp out.
James uses it down here.
That plumber did n't charge Dave anything.
So Dave will just get him some cigarettes or something.
Well he's, he's he's a sweetie he is.
Oh I like that.
Have you got it on?
Unforgettable.
Is it a new one?
Mm.

Erm I think what we'll do is we'll write down I've got this nice big paper what we've got.
and what we've got ta get, you know who they're for.
Er Jean Brenda presents.
Well the thing is you probably would n't have a day would you?
To be honest.
with Peggy or anybody.
Going to get this amount.
Because you would n't, you'd think oh no, no they would n't want that, we would n't want that.
And same as me.
I would n't think.
Mm.
But what I thought I'd do is like for Ellie and Linda for Christmas presents say, I mean you know it wo n't be a a lot but that'll be it.
and I would sort of put that in there.
Pair of knickers in there.
Like that.
And then something like erm.
These are lovely these boxes.
Yeah.
And another thing, I know my my ironing lady er Lynn, she does car boots every week.
And she actually sells erm junk earrings a pound a pair.
I mean they're not very but Ellie and Linda.
up in Wisbech they love that sort of thing.
You know I mean sort of.
She's been there for the last month.
Yeah.
Yeah.
She's got ta, met another boyfriend up there.
She dumped Steve.
But that I mean I you know you can sort of screw that up.
But I just thought that if you could afford it.
you could put something extra to it.
But if not I mean you've got the tissue paper there.
And then you've got the like even the stickers.
look it's lovely.
design paper on there.
And the stickers to seal the actual box.
Well then I do n't think, I do n't know about you, but I do n't think personally that needs wrapping up.
Look it's one under the you know and then whatever.
even if you did n't put.
you know I mean people would think you got it from Marks and Sparks cos it's got the label.
You seal it and I mean I think that's lovely.
I mean you know how much boxes are.
I mean to get the tissue paper.
and the labels.
and the cards for ninety nine p.
Son-in-law.
Mitch.
Mitch.
Erm what do we put?
Basket of smellies?
put this as we do it.
over there.
And then we can actually see.
Yeah.
That was, that's lovely is n't it?
Marie-Ann.
Right.
Then I got, did n't I get for Kim that the was the one I got, I got the mini version did n't I?
For Kim.
That's lovely that is.
It's nice again to keep is n't it?
She loves, she, I mean she loves the Body Shop.
But even that does n't need wrapping does it?
Separate.
And what we've spent then ca n't we?
Erm Kim box smellies.
So what erm.
How do you spell Marie?
A R I E.
It's like Marie?
Erm right.
What did you put for her?
Yeah.
Are these what?
No.
Continental biscuits.
Are they hers?
That's right, yeah.
Tin of sweets.
Then I've got Aunt Ivy.
I'm gon na chat to Lee for five minutes.
So I got them for Rob Chewchocks Chewchocks So you did n't get any of these did you?
Right.
Hi Lee.
How are you?
Here we are.
Price.
You had it.
You got it, you put it with your card.
Yeah that looked unless we left another bag in the car.
Give it to me.
I'll have a look.
Er Christmas crackers gifts gifts gifts.
No, I do n't think you bought it.
You had it in your hand.
How are you then?
You're late tonight.
Dad said that you'd be in at half nine.
Oh.
So how did your work experience go today?
Was it a bit boring?
Do n't they set you much work?
Oh that's good.
So is that finished.
Been Christmas shopping.
We're on tape four.
Yes.
We er we ca n't got to bed until we've done at least five.
Yeah, just on the.
Erm.
No.
Tomorrow, cos dad's erm Nigel's gon na be phoning dad in the afternoon.
So Jill's gon na phone you tomorrow, but you're not going out tomorrow morning are you?
Jill's phoning you tomorrow morning.
So it might be easier she said that she's going to visit Vic at two o'clock.
till about half three.
Then she's coming home and then she's going back over there about six o'clock till eight o'clock.
And she was gon na said, that she was gon na drop you off there at two then pick you up again at eight.
Now you're not gon na wan na be six hours at a hospital bedside are you?
And er Clare said tonight she's going and Joe's gon na probably pop over tomorrow.
Well they just said tomorrow, Clare said tomorrow evening then Joe said oh no I'm gon na go Sunday.
And Clare said oh I'm going tomorrow.
So what I thought to do, if Jill phones tomorrow morning.
cos dad's gon na be working now till about three anyway so he's not gon na be able to take you.
Say to Jill, yes you could go over with her at two o'clock and then come back with her about four.
And just you're just gon na nip in with dad then and try and get your suit.
Yeah?
I looked at that one again at Burtons today.
Erm and the, is is James ' sort of like the lightish grey, was it eighty nine, ninety nine sort of a slate sort of grey?
It's not, it's not a light grey with lines in it?
Sort of, looks almost sort of shinyish?
You ca n't remember?
Well they've got that.
and they've also got it in a dark green which is really nice.
Yeah.
Sort of erm.
Yeah.
It's sort of like an olivey green.
Not bottle green.
It's sort of like erm what's an olive green in here Jean?
Yes.
Very sort of lighter than, no lighter than that.
That's bottle.
Yes.
Something like in that picture.
Yeah.
Have you seen it?
Yeah well that's eighty nine plus there's fifteen percent off.
What do you call the double-breasted Italian suits?
But what I'll do is, if tomorrow I get time I'll have a look in erm Top Shop.
If I'm over that way.
And if there is any decent suits then I'll let you know.
And then if you do n't get it tomorrow perhaps one night after school.
No.
Why pay fifty quid to hire one?
When you're gon na pay seventy five quid and you've got one.
Well no you buy a size bigger.
You like them bigger.
I mean you buy it you're not gon na, I mean alright you're gon na have a bit more grown but you're only gon na get a bit more muscly.
And you like them baggy anyway, you do n't get one that fits you er buy That's why I said it would have been probably better to pay the extra twenty quid and bought the Italian style double- breasted.
for their baggy effect see.
Tut that shop next door to erm Intersports.
No.
That it's a nice man's shop.
It's a beautiful man's shop.
Yeah but I do n't, see savings they've got on suits at the moment, special offers on them cos they're not shifting them.
But it's ridiculous you fifty quid a night to hire a suit.
Because you pay your fifty pound and that's it.
But this suit, I mean.
That's what I said if you buy a grey suit the trousers you'll, I mean alright if you do n't, I mean you'll wear, grey wo n't date.
Will it Jean?
Green will date.
Mm.
But grey will not, I mean Granddad Sid's.
sixty five and he's still wearing his grey suits.
I mean dad got married in his suit.
I mean now he's given it to granddad.
But grey, the actual.
Yeah it does n't fit him.
I mean it has n't, I mean dad's was quite an expensive suit when he got married.
I mean alright that's eighteen years ago.
And the trous I mean the jacket never I mean very rarely does a suit jacket style change.
The trousers you get flared, but that's no problem cos you just have them altered.
If you have them you know I mean I ca n't see, I mean you wear your trousers baggyish and long.
No.
That's what.
I'm saying.
It's not time.
Well you got to have shoes, we know you've got I mean you've got, need new school shoes.
You've got ta have this new pair of shoes as well.
No good worrying about it Lee, you've got I mean, you ca n't you've got ta have the things you've got ta have.
But you'll have to get your moonboots and things like that.
You'll have to buy them for your skiing trip.
Because that's what they money they'd owed you?
And it well you're meant to get fifteen pound are n't you, he's meant to pay you for the work?
But you have n't got fifteen pound.
You're a bit skint.
Jean's gon na help towards your trip too.
And nan's gon na help so.
You'll cope with it but you've got ta buy, your moonboots we should be able to get the market Jill said around, I mean we can get them in cash and carry for nine ninety nine but we should be able to get them at Blackbushe market for five to six ninety nine.
We've managed to hire the jackets the Salopettes the ski glasses the socks I've sorted out, I've told nan to buy you for Christmas.
That's no problem.
The anorak we've hi we've borrowed.
So we've borrowed everything erm oh you've got ta buy some proper ski gloves.
You want those cos they're thirty seven quid are n't they and they're in the sale for seventeen quid at the moment.
Half price.
Yeah I saw that but it's not, they're going quite quickly.
Because.
We might have a look in Intersport cos Woking Yeah.
But I looked today in erm cash and carry sport and they were the same price.
No they were nineteen quid.
But they were the short ones.
The ones you want are the good long ones are n't they?
And thermal.
I know and they're thirty odd quid.
The right price.
Seventeen ninety nine.
Yeah.
We'll see if we can pick up a pair of them.
Perhaps you can have them for Christmas or something.
Erm so we've managed to hire everything so all you've got ta, you've got ta buy is your moonboots.
Erm the suit you've got to have.
You've got to have.
Yeah well if we do n't get it tomorrow we'll have to go one night, it's late night shopping till nine o'clock.
If dad's on his half past four, if he can get to kip if you go over at seven o'clock one night.
It's not gon na take you, it's only gon na take you and dad an hour is n't it?
But he's got to do it on Access because there's no money in the bank to write a cheque out and pay for the suit.
So I ca n't go and do it.
No and you're not having cash cards either.
What do you want a cash card for?
You ca n't have a cash card with a post office account anyway.
Yeah but what do you wan na cash card for?
Yeah but that money is, you've saved and I mean nan put that in when you were younger too, a lot of it.
So I mean it's for when you're older.
When you're desperate, you need it, not to just draw out and spend.
No you do n't.
Mm.
Mm.
It it, it's like me.
If I had an Access card I would buy him this that and everything.
And I'd say oh come on we'll buy the suit.
And then right, and then you can also buy the shirt and tie.
You can afford that.
Cos you've got all that money saved.
We've had to sponge off him all week.
Borrow all his money.
And it ended up we owed him say ninety quid.
Mind you he went out and he had to have er erm mind you he's had that, when you think of it you've had half of that back.
I said to Dave I said how have you spent all that money?
He said I've been giving Lee dinner money every day.
I said well I wondered, he did n't ask me for it.
I said I thought he was using his own.
Yeah well it adds up.
And we had to pay fifteen quid for the train ticket.
So that's another twenty quid.
We've got ta pay for your computer.
How much would you say, this lot here was Lee?
Yeah.
They're all Neil's presents.
No.

Soon goes my darling.
Mm were n't too bad.
About quarter to eight.
Did n't start until about twenty to six.
Yeah we went and had something to eat first then.
You would n't like to make me and Jean a nice cup of tea would you please, darling.
Why?
Well you've be alright going out tonight.
Well you've gone out so bloody well go and do one.
Move your butt.
Well yeah.
Nigel's been round.
Yeah.
We've got ta keep an eye on the water.
No that's alright.
Oh yeah.
And I'll check the hot water and if it's really sort of.

Come on make me a nice cup of tea.
We're doing our list now though.
Right so that's Sid slippers.
Go on, clear off.
Go to bed.
Right so who's are these.
Eh?
Oh.
Cup of tea please.
They've got a padded stocking in here for comfort.
Little bit of sugar.
Quite darkish.
Shirley?
Well I'm blowed if I saw it on, on that receipt.
Eight four o nine three six.
Yeah gifts.
Six ninety nine.
Right so that's Marge.
Neil's before he goes away.
Erm.
Travel pack.
Mhm.
Travel pack.
Sweat top.
Do you wan na get Lee to try it on?
It's not big Jean.
I do n't think that looks big.
No.
It's not very big.
I mean.
Yeah.
I mean I even with Lee.
Advice on it.
Lee I would, I mean I always buy Lee large or extra large.
Because but they do n't, I mean Lee alright, I mean I know by just looking at him what he, like his T-shirts and everything.
how he, how he sort of wears them.
And jog bottoms.
Did we buy both the same?
Think we did.
Yeah.
They're both black.
Both mediums.
Both the same.
Just make sure oh that's the.
Well we'll give Neil the slightly longer.
cos he's got longer legs then.
Dave.
So that's, was that for Neil as well?
Ooh.
So that will do Neil, what you've got him.
Cos you got him a travel pack, body spray, sweat top, jog bottoms.
Erm.
God that smell smells nice dunnit?
How much was that then?
o three one ninety nine.
Oh it smells really nice.
Yeah.
Body spray.
So that's Neil.
And oh what's this for?
Son-in-law.
Mitch.
Right, sweat bottoms top dad.
Here are your sloggi's.
Right who's is this for?
We've got er lotion talc soap talc shampoo talc soap and lotion aftershave gel oh no aftershave showergel deodorant talc shampoo What about?
Now what.
What about Shelley's husband?
Cos it's, I mean even his I mean have they got a shower?
Yeah that would do.
Cos you were gon na get him something, you was gon na get him some slippers.
But I mean Terry.
What do you, what sort of money do you want to spend on Terry?
I mean what other men.
Eight three six four.
Four ninety nine.
Can you just pass me a mat love.
Yeah cos you do n't wan na spend a lot do you?
Yeah.
On the floor.
Yes.
So let's give that to Ron.
Let's just see roughly.
So you do n't want you're in the morning?
Oh I'll be out nine thirty so I expect I'll be up about half seven.
Alright then.
See you in the morning love.
Quietly cos of.
Right.
Let's just write roughly.
before we.
Let's leave that.
The toiletries.
Cos we've got some extra sort of men.
Erm leave that one cos that's what I bought as a spare.
Yes.
That's mine.
It's the one ninety nine one is n't it?
Erm.
One's mine and one's yours for Paul.
What's Rosemary?
R O S E?
Night.
See you in the morning.
Right, pot pourri?
God you've got loads Jean.
seems a lot of money.
You've got a lot of presents.
Yeah.
They're both yours.
You said they can two have it.
Who's the other lady?
Who do you have a coffee morning with?
I'm not gon na keep those knickers for me.
I'm gon na give them as Christmas presents.
I ca n't afford to keep them.
I got these for me.
but I'm gon na give them with them.
For the moment.
Yeah.
Ellie, Linda pants socks nice box.
Knickers and socks.
Then I might get a couple of little soaps or something.
Or what I might do is make a couple of these up but fill them out a bit more.
Cos these are just say for her teacher.
We've done them cheap.
But put say like in the Body Shop and get a couple of animal soaps.
So they're you know they'll be like that.
And then obviously if you have more weight in it they'll be really bushy.
I'm not doing that now.
And that's Jane's little boxes.
Oh there's sweets.
Yes.
I think, hang on right er one's Lee's they're Lee's er.
Two ninety nine.
Got talc, shampoo Yeah I think something to go with it.
Why do n't you give him.
that.
You, you're gon na get Neil something else are n't you?
So let's cut the body spray out of Neil.
Paul erm tut.
And then that's that's mine.
Mm.
Might have to rewrite it.
Cos it's got my list and that on so we'll probably.
Yeah.
Erm so we're left with.
And you bought them too, both of them.
Cos we've got one of those each one of those each one of those each they're all yours.
They're my sweets.
That's my odd.
So you're left with four.
What about this?
Oh is that for you.
Alright.
So that's for you.
Yeah well well that's what we've got.
What we've got so far is erm okay.
You've got Mitch basket, toiletry and sponge.
Mary-Ann basket toiletries.
Mary-Ann bottled fruit, biscuits, sweets.
Marie I mean.
Erm bottled fruit, biscuits, sweets.
Shirley you got slippers.
Marge you got a cat box, book.
Neil you got travel pack, sweat top, jog bottoms.
Rosemary you got tissue box.
Peggy you got pot pourri.
Jean you got pot pourri.
Paul tie box smellies and body spray.
We're left now.
Let's go through.
Jean to get right let's do your son.
What's he having, money or a tie or?
No.
Cos you was gon na buy that sweater in Marks were n't you?
You've spent more on the others.
Oh no.
I meant your three yeah but no I mean, I'm just talking about your three main family.
Mm.
Marie mm seven fifty oh yeah.
It's all about thirteen.
A tie?
Mm.
Mm.
let's get the book.
And that's how did it.
What about a belt?
A leather belt.
Er how about.
Wine.
Right.
You can get that up your way ca n't you?
So wine.
Okay.
Erm so Marie's got, John's got so that's family's gone.
Now who else is?
Right Mary-Ann you've got, Mitch you've got.
What about the grandchildren?
Right.
So that's what are the kids ' names?
Oh yeah.
Why do n't you get Ruth, I mean from Marks.
Mm.
The thing is they do get a lot from the daughter do n't they?
Yeah?
And what about erm a Smith's token for Matthew?
Because you can get records, books, stationery.
videos, computer games.
Yeah.
They are better cos you.
you ca n't go wrong.
So that's all side.
Right, what about sisters and sister-in-laws or brother-in-laws?
Is there anybody left?
Mm.
Well you do n't see them so there's not a lot of point is there?
Erm erm okay.
So what about Rosemary?
Is she the only one who's going to be around at Christmas?
You've got hers but is she the only one to be at your's?
What about Mary-Ann's parents?
No.
Erm tut oh Mitch's parents oh erm.

That's alright.
So I think that's all down.
Oh was gon na get the were n't you?
Right.
That's all down in Surrey.
Er right right Ron.
Now who in Ron's, what about his girlfriend?
Right.
Who's she?
So who goes for Trudy?
Who goes for Trudy?
Ron.
So is there not enough for Ron?
Four ninety nine.
I think I might just get a couple of nice hankies to go with them.
One ninety nine, two ninety nine.

No Debenhams.
We're going to.
Yeah.
I'm gon na do the list what you've got ta get and then I'm gon na do another list of what we've got to before tomorrow.
Ron erm hankies.
Two roughly.
Erm right let's.
Does he like, he likes sweets and things like that?
I'm just gon na put this in while erm as we're going along.
Erm your name, your occupation, your age.
and just you're it's just to say who's on who's on this actual tape so they can recognize the voice.
The age.
So the want us to break it down erm so they know oh I'm so stupid.
I've done it again.
I'm four B.
Right.
Oh you did n't.
You were gon na get him some.
That's what I've done with Dave's dad.
Oh who's this Terry?
Terry did you say?
Yeah.
I was just gon na say what about the son?
Russell's box smellies.
It's easier.
That's for Russell.
So in Ron, Ron's family again so that's all, Ron, Trudy and Russell.
Yeah?
When are you buying those three?
Russell and Trudy.
You got the roses for Ron.
You got for the daughters and you're gon na get them some, two hankies to go with it.
Erm okay so it's she, Shirley you got slippers and Terry you're getting slippers.
Yeah?
Erm Marge you've got.
Marge er.
Yeah they're.
Well we'll sort them out in a minute.
Erm we'll do all your friends first.
Mar so what else Marge?
You've got her a book.
What about, does she like smellies?
Hankies?
Cos do n't forget tomorrow you you can get the bulk cos you're getting that discount.
hosiery?
Erm think.
Yeah.
Who's that?
So, shall we just put a question mark?
Put something small?
Mm.
Yeah.
One.
Mhm.
You're not gon na buy all the kids this year are you? and all that lot.
You'll be meeting them all.
Ca n't?
Well the thing is you've got ta do the ones that you see in person have n't you?
Not.

And what what about Maureen's husband??
John.
You do n't?
Just Maureen?
Right.
Er what about?
Sheila?
Big tall with long blond hair.
split up.
Do you keep in touch?
What about a calendar.
Oh my spelling is atrocious Jean.
Mm.
Right, let me just get back to Marge is on her own.
She has n't got a partner.
Ron you do n't buy a partner.
Jackie er Brenda.
Shirley a calendar.
You said has n't got a partner.
What there's a handbook that he's after in the bookshop.
Smiths.
. Got ta go in Smiths.
Erm now Libby, Jean are friends.
Right.
So what other, is there any other friends?
What about?
Well what about, do n't you go to a morning coffee thing where you meet at someone's house?
That's dropped Right.
Okay.
So is there any other friends you go out with?
Hairdresser is she?
They're lovely little.
And then what other friends?

What about any close, like?
I was gon na say what about neighbours.
I was saying, who's the one that had you over for the barbecue?
Mm.
Who is it?
No.
And they will be heavy.
And they're, they're probably the ones you got Marie are too fancy.
Just go into like Safeways or somewhere.
I tell you who's a good buy.
I bought some.
The one thing I have bought from a tin of biscuits.
biscuits.
They're two pound thirty five.
for quite a biggish tin.
So that's Bob and Glynis, and who else?
Neighbours.
Tin of biscuits.
Just Bob and Glynis or any other neighbours?
What about any of your are you still?
Okay.
That's it.
That'll do.
If you do n't want to.
Yeah?
What about the other man then, that comes?
That's who I was talking about, the dopey one.
?
Do you still have him?
Mm.
Mm.
Alright.
Erm just one thing.
You do n't have Brenda any more do you?
No?
Erm what about your local hairdressers?
Do you go in there?
Is she a regular one?
Do you have her regular?
Two ninety nine.
That's both corn dollies.
Who's she then?
Mm.
Why do n't you give that one to Beverley?
And just give something sma cos you're gon na.
Have a tin of, have a pack of my chocolates and give them to Gail, and give them to that to Beverley.
Yeah?
Cos they're, I mean they're nice sort of wrapped up.
Cos it's silly to make a thing out more than what you need.
that's corn doll swiss chocolate.
Cos I, I only bought these as extras anyway.
So.
Ah yes I, I, I but I'm gon na get are n't I?
Instead.
Right so that's your hairdressers.
That's about it is n't it?
What about that other lodger?
We wo n't put him down anyway.
Who've you got for?
left.
You've got no odds left.
We've used all your odds.
This?
Two fifty.
Mm??
You've got a tin so you'll know what they are in Marks.
cos you got a tin for Marie.
Crystallised fruit drops.
Yes.
Right.
For Jean to get, let me just write I keep this as my, my scrapbook.
but I've kept it from all the years.
So I've known what I've given people for like the year before.
Oh I know what I have n't given you, your Christmas card.
I could n't resist buying this one.
take your glasses off then.
Did you read what I wrote?
Such a nice card.
six ninety nine Ivy, now what did I get Ivy? sweets.
Er that's that lot got that.
Erm now Tracy put her down.
Think I was gon na try, try and make her some.
What did I say Lynn, Lynn and Ellie?
Knickers and socks did n't I?
And I'm gon na get some smellies soap did n't I?
Soap to go with just to put.
Lynn.
Well what I might do is just put one soap in each cos it.
buy the biggish, I think they're thirty five pence from the Body, buy two or three.
And make a couple of different fillings up.
and lay them around.
Oh I've got Jean's present already.
Pete I'm gon na get some cigars but I'm gon na get them through Kim.
But she sells them to me for fifty pence a packet still.
Three pound cigars, ones.
Good ones.
She sells them to me fifty pence a packet.
Cos Brian works for a cigar company.
No he gets I think he gets about fifty boxes given to him and of course he does n't smoke so he just.
he normally gives them gifts but he's got so many left over.
And I think some people she charges about one fifty but me I teacher.
No, no Laura.
She wants something.
He wants knitting.
Harry does wants a knitting set.
Boy of nine.
Now Daniel, Scott and I'm not getting.
Oh what did I say?
I said I were n't gon na bother did n't I?
Yeah.
No.
Just put a pound coin in the card.
The card was forty nine p were n't it?
Put the pound coins in.
That's right.
Oh that's great.
I've got only one two three I've only got three main presents and four bits.
Right.
Well what I'll do is this is mine, Brenda to get so I'm giving you.
To get.
Right.
So I, I'll put in what we're gon na get.
I'll give you both the lists now.
cos I, I've just crossed mine through.
Erm now let's go through done the list so Jean to get tomorrow.
To get tomorrow.
Right so we've got to go to Smiths.
Smiths, and in Smiths we're going to get Ruth and Matthew they've got tokens token.
Yes.
Smith's tokens from Smiths.
Dave you're gon na get a book.
Yeah.
That's in Smiths.
Right John, wine.
Stowmarket.
So I'm gon na write Stowmarket next to it.
Stowmarket.
Matthew and Ruth.
Cara doll, Debenhams.
Debs.
Doll Er Ron, hankies.
Er Debs innit?
Coloured.
Right.
Erm so Ron, Terry slippers.
Marks and Sparks.
Are you gon na get them down here or up in Newmarket?
Right so erm M and S we'll put in.
With what?
yeah.
Well it has.
In the box it's got a handle.
It's one of those plastic boxes.
You wo n't get it all in that.
Right.
Mm.
Well I think see cos you're gon na get, alright tomorrow they're all little things.
Tiny things.
Erm see how you pack it.
See what you get tomorrow.
I mean the tree's not desperate to get.
You can get it if you've got.
Yes.
Too much bloody mess.
No.
No.
But that I mean where do you nearest M and S?
The thing to do perhaps tomorrow morning to phone Ipswich Marks to see if they've got them in stock.
But I think you're gon na have enough to carry back.
without lugging that big box.
presents than worry about the tree at the moment.
Cos you've got ta, I mean.
I know you did dear.
But you ca n't even leave it down here and pick it up later.
because it'll be too late.
Well why do n't you get him to, ca n't you go with, take Neil into Norwich?
And get him to carry it.
Well phone, if it comes to it phone Mark at Norwich and ask him to deliver one.
Alright might cost you an extra fiver.
But it's worth it cos you, you would n't get there in petrol and back would you?
Right let's just go through the rest of this.
Jean to get.
Marks and Sparks slippers.
Erm Marge, something small.
Shall we put down Marks, Debs or Smiths?
Er Maureen winter tights.
Debs?
Yeah.
Okay.
Er Jackie?
Smiths or bookshop?
I've put book bookshoe.
Jackie.
Mm.
? Stowmarket wine.
When's Neil going to see his er heavy metal thing?
He's not going now?

Right Sheila, calendar Smiths.
Right what about.

There are stupid people that.
Yeah are n't they?
Right Bob and Glynis, tin of biscuits.
The tin of biscuits.
They're all Stowmarket?
Simon ask Richard.
That's Stowmarket is n't it?
Well you've got all you've got left, you've got my presents to get tomorrow.
And that leaves you with just five in Stowmarket.
Wine and some biscuits.
No.
And you've bought eighteen presents today.
Eighteen people.
So you had thirty four people this year to buy for.
but I mean if you'd bought all the extras, last year you had about fifty.
So tokens are small,, paperback will be small, calendar will be small.
So they're not major presents.
tomorrow.
Mm.
Oh that's what I wan na get.
Some of that tomorrow.
No.
I'm.
Either last year or the year before.
Now shall we see what we can get in this bag?
Right.
Oh it's got a little padlock.
Has it got a key though?
No.
Actually you have got a key.
No.
You've got two keys.
gon na love that.
Now if anybody pinches it alright they can break it, but.
I'd leave the two big baskets will probably, I think all the smaller things in here.
Do you?
stand up.
That's it is n't it?
I think put them in case in the Marks and Sparks bag.
Cos they're quite heavyish.
Pack them very tight in one bag.
These are gon na be the most awkward things.
No.
See.
No Do you want the hangers?
Do you desperately need the hangers?
Cos they're gon na be bulky.
Even if you had to after Christmas take it back they wo n't know.
You just say you do n't have the hangers do n't you?
Mm.
That one's alright though.
They're lovely.
It's not too heavy then.
And you've got room in there if you want.
I can take the tin of biscuits out if you feel it's too heavy.
Oh we can try it tomorrow, thinking about it.
and get them to carry it.
Yeah that's gon na scratch it.
That'll be easier for you anyway.
so you've got a bit of padding there you can put.
Pack the biscuits along with your clothes.
Inside and it wo n't.
You've got two.
All.
Course you've got your tree as well.
They to keep that separate.
No.
No.
Cos.
Mm.
So it stays upright then.
No, none of them are heavy.
Well I spent today in Marks and Sparks or you spent.
Seventy four pound was mine and a hundred and eighty five pound was yours.
See there's a nice.
That's better for your baskets.
Cos they're a bit squashed in this one.
What came in that, oh your bag.
That's better.
stuff out of that That's a dinky little bag.
That can go in there.
put it in there and then fold that bag flat.
Leave it here and then got it here for shopping here.
a hundred pound.
different.
Because by the time, it it's like Peter.
I mean the fact is he's got so much money.
Erm I mean he he he's bought, I mean the presents he's bought to be honest I mean I think oh my god what a waste.
I mean he's bought like bubble kits.
Giant bub I know they were about twenty nine pound I saw.
And I thought well, I suppose he's got such rich friends.
they'll like something like this.
I mean stupid.
but I mean you do n't think erm cos he said to me he said oh I suppose I'd better buy you a Christmas present and I said yeah buy me something that I'd use.
He said what I said well if you're gon na me anything, buy me a tin of biscuits.
He said tin of biscuits?
I said.
Because you know it's stupid things like that.
God.
We were saying that Ron in number four he was a builder.
He had his own business, van, the whole lot he had staff working for him.
And he hurt his back last year and the doctor said well you'll either be dead within six months.
You've got ta give up the building work.
He's only thirty odd thirty seven, thirty eight.
Given it up and he said oh well got no kids you know they live in this house, got no kids.
And they always have a holiday abroad and they go out a lot, good social life.
They eat out once a week, you know.
And, because she ca n't have children and er this was what, last June it all happened?
He said oh alright, I'll do something you know, cement or milkman.
or something just casual, couple of hours.
Could n't get nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
And say he's round about the fortyish age and we spoke to him last week and I said you got a job yet?
He said no and I'm getting worried now he said me, my wife works full time and we could cope on the money but he said now we do n't go out.
You know, once a fortnight.
He said we're not getting the luxuries like we could when we were both working full time.
He said we're surviving.
Cos they've got a next to nothing mortgage.
But er.
Oh of course you have.
Off that.
You will.
I mean you have to Christmas time though do n't you?
That's right.
Mm.
I know you said.
I remember you saying.
That's a good idea.
Yeah.
Mm.
Oh yeah it does.
Tell you what I've got, it's a marvellous thing.
The decorators at Peter's works cos they, they erm tradesmen they've got a colour card.
Have you this is the tradesmen's card.
It's a Dulux but you ca n't get it from the shop.
It's tradesmen.
Got one, yeah?
Marvellous are n't they.
cos you got every single.
Now.
This year.
Mm.
Borders.
Remember that in Marks and Sparks a couple of months back they were selling borders off and I bought a beautiful aqua one.
And they were fifty p each on a background.
No.
They were just, it was just a one day I went round there shopping and they had, and I bought some beige ones for the kitchen.
Erm and it cost me two quid I think for the four.
And I mean I have n't put them up yet.
I thought I'll wait to, I sort of really, like the bathroom I want to it's got the wallpaper starting to peel off.
Yeah.
Mm.
like those tissue boxes.
Now I've got a friend of mine that makes them.
Now that was seven ninety nine that you bought for Rosemary.
Now that was Marks, they're nice ones.
Now she gets them and she sells them for ten quid.
And they're not, I mean they're pretty but they're not that magnolia range in Marks is lovely.
And but she sells them.
You know she does parties as well, but.
she said she she's losing the profit at selling them at ten pounds.
Because the lace, the time.
She said tissue.
Yeah.
Wasting our time.
That's right.
It's good is n't it?
I think we ought to get some kip.
talk for tonight.
I wan na in a minute.
It's quarter past twelve.
Right.
Oh yeah.
I'll get Dave to set the alarm and then we can have breakfast before we sort of rush out.
Otherwise I'll sleep through.
Mm.
Mm.
Oh you could tell right on the phone you were sort of all keyed up with it.
Do you need a drink of water or anything?
You're alright.
You might hear Dave switch that off in the morning.
Erm but he probably wo n't.
Yeah.

I did n't sleep very well at all.
Up and down up and down all night.
Mm.
Do n't know.
I.
I think, a lot of it, you know I was burning a bit so I think a lot of it was sort of it thinking about that blooming boiler.
And then you know Dave I think drew he was, he was ever so, ever so restless.
I do n't know whether he was expecting the water to burst or what it was.
Cos when I went to bed I mean, you know I tested it and it did n't seem too bad.
It seemed sort of hot but er I mean that's the trouble at the moment because even if it's something minor thing, it seems so dramatic.
You know especially to me at the moment.
I do n't know why.
The smallest thing I mean it seems such a.
Mm.
Did you, saying that, did you see that programme on let me think oh dear.
It was on repossession.
One day in the week or the week before.
It was on er channel four I think it was and it was all about these people that had been, you know encouraged to buy this house and then repossessed.
And did you watch it?
Oh it was horrible.
And it was how people you know did n't want to er and they would n't.
And they were saying that you do n't give, the local erm MP was saying you know people just give their kids up and walk away.
And, but it was awful you know.
There was so many of them.
Mm?
Yeah but when we had a when we had.
Yeah but when they.
But repayment now is due as an endowment.
Yeah because.
Nobody wants to know, do they?
Not with things sort of going on there's and now you think sort of it, it's time when people sort of would club together.
But it was saying, er this, this programme was saying that that erm that they were buying a house.
And it was telling you you know say they were, for argument's sake they was buying this house that was sort of up north and that.
And they were buying this house and it was worth something like I do n't know, they were, they'd got a twenty five grand mortgage.
They had n't got it it was n't, I mean you know to us it was qu, a cheap mortgage but sort of up there it was probably, you know sort of.
a lot of money to him cos there's not the work and that.
And they'd bought this mortgage and their repayment was something like about I dunno a hundred and eighty pound a month.
And they said you know, and then all of a sudden it had sort of gone up six percent.
And it was five hundred quid.
And there was no way, you know at a hundred and eighty they'd struggled.
And they thought, because most people were, were sort of us.
We thought oh we'll go for it.
It's gon na be a struggle for a year.
But you go for it.
And you do n't dream of it.
going up.
I mean they reckon it's gon na go back up now do n't they?
There was n't?
Is that when you and Jerry were first married or.
So people could n't get in that state could they?
You.
What you could afford you had.
Now when did the I suppose the credit card they brought but as to what you say I mean the, these, these repossessions it's not the fact they ca n't afford the mortgage.
It's the fact they ca n't afford all the the, the lifestyle to go with it, that's what Dave says.
I mean the fact is you know there's blokes at work.
Same mortgage as us and earning the same as Dave.
I mean, you know they're in a dreadful state.
I mean they spend their wages before.
And I think it's because they go out drinking and you know.
They're always buying things for the home.
And the cars.
I mean majority of blokes at Dave's firm have changed their cars three times.
Yeah but with you it's I mean, alright you do n't want it over you, but you will clear it.
But thing is there's a lot of people that, that that do n't.
I mean I know I told you this.
Mm.
But there's people that you know are still now spending them at Christmas.
It's like Jen, still spending them.
You know he's still got like two holidays left on them.
But then still runs it up for Christmas.
Yeah but you you did n't have thousands outstanding before you, you know by spending yours like yesterday.
You did n't think to yourself oh god I owe five hundred pound on Marks and Sparks I'll top it up.
That's it.
Oh can you send it off?
Yeah it's gon na be sort of six well it's longer now is n't it?
Before you get the bills it's about eight weeks they said now.
Seven.
Cos you'll you probably wo n't get the bill in anyway till after, well after Christmas will you now?
And then, when they send you the bill then will they just, you wo n't get so much interest on it?
Mind you er and even easier, what annoys me they've put the interest rate down on the cards.
Charging everybody.
A twelve pound charge but putting their rates down on it.
So it encourages people even more does n't it?
Think, oh well when we normally was paying you know, I think Jenny's is something like.
Jenny's is something like about eighty pound a month interest.
Mm.
And then I said, cos I said well how are you doing your Christmas shopping.
Mm flexi friends.
The majority of people I mean.
When I talked to my mum, she had about a grand on, on debts.
And then she went in one day and she knew she'd had a thousand and said can I extend it?
Yeah, course you can.
Yeah.
Mm.
Mind you, you think if you'd stayed in there now.
You'd have just, well I mean.
They, they reckon they're going for about ninety five to a hundred and five down there.
Yeah!
Cos I tell you who's not Poo next door to Poo.
That was up for sale.
That has n't gone still.
That's been on the market for oh ages.
And the corner house is up for sale.
Next to you on the, the house on the if you stand at your front door.
on the left.
Yeah.
On the corner that's for sale.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And that is I think going for about ninety eight.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
Oh well it's a buyer's market is n't it?
If you have n't got have mortgages and that.
And then you'll you'll get more value by selling yours up there, than you would down here.
Much more because.
Yeah.
I mean they're they're talk, you was talking about a good year on the market round here.
No.
After Christmas it will.
Where was it they, oh that was it erm this repossession programme, they also had a house auction.
And they had flats in London and there was like sort of guys like Peter there.
And they interviewed them afterwards.
And one guy had bought three.
He'd bought two flats in London.
and they rated at with the high, when the house boom was on.
they were going for about a hundred thousand.
He picked two flats up there for forty five thousand.
Mm.
But this was for two flats.
And th it was like there was this couple and they were like I dunno about sixty, sixty five the pair of them.
And they had no mortgage and they had a a little bungalow and everything.
And erm th they went to an auction and she was saying how interesting it was.
And she could have a like four bedroom house for fifty five thousand.
You know.
I mean they, and they were in good areas.
But what it was, they were like it was like G A N do them er Man and Co And they had sort of like a job like Dave's and a lot of them what they've done is they've bought in this area, I mean probably most areas they've bought the repossessed they've got about eight or nine houses they're either renting them out or they're leaving them empty.
The majority of them are empty round here.
And then they'll just hang on to them.
for about five or six years till the house goes up and then.
Mm.
Sell them at.
Mm.
But they do n't.
But there was a house on this repossession and it was sort of like just a sort of young couple and they'd bought this house and it was like a two bedroom house and they'd done up beautiful.
Really nice.
Well they just fell behind you know I mean.
they obviously I mean, quite an expensive sort of social life and everything.
Whatever.
And they just could n't, he lost his job which is the same old story and er anyway they went back to visit and they kee they go back every two or three weeks to visit this house.
They've got a ki, no they've got kids.
They had got three kiddies that's right, cos the council housed them.
And they were in this grotty council house now and they go back and they said and you saw them going back and saying look at the state of the garden.
Look at the state of the, the woodwork looks tatty and.
we spent all these years on this and.
all the mail and junk letters all through the door and everything looked tatty.
And they said you know th there should have been a way round it where they kept this couple in there.
It's now been empty six months.
Mm.
Mm.
I do n't think the council can afford to do it now can they?
Mm.
Mm.
Well they reckon now I mean.
But they make me die because you, you you're a day, I mean we got this sort of letter the bailiffs were coming in because we were a day late.
A day late.
on it.
And I said there's people out there that do n't even pay it!
You know and I mean cos Dave totally refuses on on the poll tax to have a standing order or direct debit.
Yeah.
Well he just totally sort of because I think he knows.
so many people that do n't pay it.
Mm.
But what I ca n't understand, I mean majority of people I mean erm you've got ta pay the debt in the end whatever.
Why keep putting it off?
People put it off and that is where they get in the trouble.
Yeah but they were saying now, it's like our, in the like local paper the poll tax is gon na prob, might be even go up double because of the non-payers.
Because of not.
not having to take them all, I mean having to take them to court.
And they said, just said in the end again there was er an article or something and it was saying that you know that er did did you eventually get the money?
And they said no they had to write it off.
They never ever did pay it.
Cos he's at no fixed address is he?
Stowmarket.
Mm.
He said I thought I'd catch you out.
Did n't think you'd be up.
Trying to get rid of his second run so that he can get home by eleven.
Erm so he can go back on this late.
Because he's been up, now he's used to it his body clock's telling him to get up.
I mean that's what this morning happened.
Quarter to one he said god is it time to get up Bren?
I said no.
Course he's been on it for six weeks.
Hates the blooming hours but.
course now they're putting them on at half past four you, your body clock's well out.
They said that, he's just phoned the firm.
He's up in tut oh god where is it?
It's up er Landsford Park.
wherever that is.
London I think.
And he said that he'd phoned them and said could they change it and he'd finish at eleven then he can still start tomorrow night again at quarter to one.
And he said if they can get someone else for the run they will.
But er mm what else was we saying?
you was telling me about a suit.
This guy fifteen grand turned up for Paul.
How did he get your address then?
How did he get your address?
When he worked in Safeways or something?
Right, yeah.
No.
Well that's what they say if there's, even people that come over here for a holiday for three months have to pay it do n't they?
Sort of twice.
Did Neil have to pay it?
Mm.
Mm.
Yeah you'd better check it cos if, those one er pound eighty adds up do n't they?
No.
No what about erm your other friends.
What, what are they gon na do?
The ones that have got their, Shirley and Terry that have got their house on the market?
Can they afford to stay?
So they just sort of put it on the market to see if it would sell?
each other.
You've just got ta what mood, the mood sort of takes you.
Dave even came up with an idea we was talking about the other day.
And he said what, why does n't Jean rent?
Put your money in the capital, rent and live on the capital.
Let the interest rent.
He said that cos then, you know he said she she would have no upkeep of the house.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
I'll just open these doors cos it'll be too cold to go out there once we go out.
so cold with the glass.
and the trouble is if you do n't have the here.
to circulate and.
Yeah but you would n't b I mean like Dave said because er.
Yeah but in searching I mean Sorry?
Mm.
No I was gon na say yeah because I know Cheryl and Andy they, they had er erm th they rented a four bedroom detached house.
And they even actually decorated.
The landlord said to him you know she, she she sort of took a lease out for three years on it.
Mm.
But, but her place she had erm it was unfurnished erm but it was fantastic.
He makes me laugh cos he often says some, when I, it's when I've spoken to you on the phone.
and I'll come back and he'll say has Jean thought about renting Bren?
I said she do n't wan na rent and he said why?
He said if she then sold her house he said put the capital he said alright he said she with not buying a you know, another house now you know the fact is he said alright if she got one in her area or wherever.
He said then she can put her capital he says and the interest on the capital.
that can pay the rent.
And I said yeah but then she's got no house to lead to a.
Well like I mean I said to him I do n't think, you know I mean it was just ideas I think he said I'm not saying do it.
But I said I do n't think it's a good idea.
And and I said he's got, you know she'd have nothing to leave.
And he said yeah but both her children are.
That's what he said.
He said they're both you know.
he said he said not knowing her children he said but knowing what he sort of picked up about your kids.
he said.
You know to them he said it would n't be matter if there was nothing.
Because they're both sort of comfortable and.
you know and.
their more concerned Jean's getting on with her life herself now.
than worrying about her you know sort of on, on the doorstep saying oh you've got to look after me.
Here's the money.
Look after me.
You know they do n't want it.
Erm different if you was really ill.
But I mean, you know as it stands I mean you would n't want it and they would n't want it.
They, they're quite happy you letting them get on with their life.
Erm but then you have n't got the security of renting I do n't think.
Like you say you're at the mercy.
I mean the fact you can do things and, alright you have n't got the upkeep if repairs need doing but I think that keeps you going.
You've got your house.
I, I agree you do n't need that great big house.
Yeah but eventually you will.
I mean.
you leave it on the market and I mean.
Oh it's a very sellable house in the right.
but I mean, it's just ridiculous at the moment.
Because you know you would think near Lacydere the houses are sellable.
But I mean they're not.
You know and in this area, that's what the guy was saying houses over a hundred thousand are not selling.
Ninety five.
But people want more the sixty seventy thousand.
There's no way.
You know I mean, you know people have got these beautiful big houses like Lacydere Well this is worth two hundred you know hundred and eighty five it's got ta be.
say no.
Well.
But there was an, it's it's like Sylvie was telling me that, you know who works for the mortgage she was saying, it was erm for an incident there was a house, you know The Grove, those great big Victorian houses?
Now I do n't know what they were worth and she was saying they must have been worth quite a bit cos they're big detached solid houses are n't they?
Yeah well this one was one of those big, four storeys.
I mean enormous it might have even been fi but it, it had bedrooms and bathrooms and.
and it had a big basement and everything on it.
And that she said was repossessed and it went for seventy five thousand.
And then she said on the, she said I looked at houses like this she said.
and they were about a hundred and twenty five.
in a state.
In Guildford I mean you can buy houses at Guildford at sixty fifty five, from fifty five to seventy five.
And there was no way you could have done that three years ago.
Mm.
That's right.
Mm.
But you ca n't, you ca n't say well I'm gon na go there and I'm gon na go there.
You've got to.
Mm.
No.
That's it.
Cos people, I mean now I mean you ca n't sort of even think about that till mid January or later.
Because thing is.
really between now and sort of Christmas everybody's interested in Christmas.
There's nothing else going on.
That's right.
There's just nothing, nothing else I'm gon na get a bath otherwise we'll sit here chatting all morning.
And.
we'll be, we've got ta be out by half past nine.
It's fresh out there.
Where's that?
Oh it was bought it from the Christmas, two ninety nine from.
Two ninety nine.
Yeah.
Well what about this then?
You have n't seen this.
Ikea.
I did n't get it.
Me auntie got it up there and when she got up there they were selling them for nineteen pounds.
Nineteen pounds!
And I said it was just what I wanted.
I've got, oh.
I'll get that catalogue.
I'll give it to you now.
Right.
I'll go and have a bath then.
Yeah put it in that bag.
On the top.
You've got your other bits and pieces in there.
Otherwise you'll forget it.
No you're at Marge's.
Right so we'll take the voucher.
Yeah but look how it fitted me when I bought it.
Look at it.
I live in it.
You can tell by the trousers.
They really get sort of.
I was gon na say, look at the socks.
Are n't they dreadful.
Where's is erm where's my handbag?
No.
It's not there.
No it's here.
That's yours.
Did I put the list oh yeah, things to get okay Right, Jean presents for.
That's what you've got.
Do you want to take what you've got just in case you think.
ooh have I bought so and so.
Or change it.
So I suppose what you do with Debs is er tell them you want the whole discount and I suppose they give you a card for each floor cos you ca n't walk around with it each floor can you?
If you get, like you did at John Lewis you get a card.
That'd be better.
We could then leave it and say we'll pick it up in an hour or so.
then go and do Marks and Smiths.
and drive the car round.
Brekkypoos still got ten more I'll have to be careful this does n't oh it's hot in here Jean is n't it?
What's this one?

Mind you I do n't want that too awkward.
Oh look at the marks on this carpet.
Atrocious.
We're pulling this carpet up after Christmas.
We're going back to the woodblock flooring.
Well I mean we've, those biscuits are stale now see.
You know the biscuit tin?
You end up throwing them out.
No.
But I I would n't leave them.
Course you can.
The decorator that are in at Peter's at the moment erm they do everything.
They're fantastic.
And he was saying he said oh you've been good you've been feeding us with cups of teas.
They charge seventy pound a day per person and he said oh we'll charge you next to nothing.
He said in fact we'll come down and he said, cos the er it's cracked round the outside.
He said and we'll take it up and repair it for you.
He said we might sort of say to you right we want fifty quid.
But he said we wo n't charge you the daily rate, we'll just charge you for the job.
And he said if it's that bad we'll strip it for you.
And re-, sort of d do it.
Well it's all in the hall and Dave said the kids are older now.
We're fed up with carpets and stain.
I mean this carpet's three years old.
I mean it's.
it's even going here now.
And you keep washing it.
And it just does n't does it?
Does nothing happens.
So two there.
I give you your lipstick did n't I?
Why have we got so many cushions?
I said well do n't worry, we're gon na have more.
I said they even fight then, there's not enough.
Look at this lovely stuff Dave does n't like it.
but I love it.
That's a normal skirting.
This is what the decorators.
Yeah it's lovely.
But Dave do n't like it and he said the room's too small.
And Peter's had that and he's had dado, and the dado bars!
They look so nice.
Yeah.
Below and above.
That's right.
Right.
Let's just sort this out.
That's not very elegant, the milk on but never mind.
Oh it's really cold out there.
Take your book out there Jean.
Carla.
Breakfast.
We'll have eaten it all by the time you get in here.
I've put the kettle on and then we'll have another cup of tea in a minute.
Oh it's nice to get cool is n't it?
These were the things.
I do n't know if you've tried them.
And then with my tongue the way it is.
They're the only ones that I can have.
they've got.
Try one.
And then they've got like iron and.
It's got recommend, it's got the recommended daily amount of vitamins in it.
And the recommended daily amount of iron in it.
That's what I mean with that Jean you probably wo n't need vitamins.
Mm.
No but.
What's that?
Yeah because there's a lot, I mean cereals have got a lot of vitamins and iron in ai n't they?
Mm.
Ai n't it funny this time of year, the garden always looks bare and scruffy and.
Got all cuttings in the bowls down there I took.
I do n't know if, I mean one's not surviving, I do n't know if the others are gon na survive.
At people's houses I've taken cuttings of and.
Cos Jenny is marvellous she, I mean next door she er she very rarely buys.
She takes cuttings from everything she's got and.
Mm and grows sort of everything in the garden.
So I said would n't some lights look nice in here?
Christmas lights.
Oh what else did Jenny get me?
Oh she got me this from Ikea.
One twenty five.
And I said to them they're but they're quite, quite expensive, the cats.
Erm these are Ikea.
They were erm what'd she say they were?
Two twenty five.
She said she just bought me a mixture of things she thought I would like.
And she said if you do n't want them you know I'll have them.
But that I thought was really good for three pound.
I've got the shade round the wrong way.
I said to Dave now I wonder how we ever lived without this.
Cos it's such er a light room.
The only thing is with that radiator it still, it does get very cold in here.
Because of all the glass.
All of it.
Mm.
Because we shut the doors.
We do n't let any air sort of circulate.
Yeah!
Double one.
That let's off more power than one of mine in the lounge.
That's a double one.
Mm.
Mind you I mean Dave and I, he never says it's cold out here.
He said your, it's you that's always cold.
Cos I obviously feel the cold.
Mm?
Mm.
You look nice.
Who's that from your society?
They always remember do n't they?
No it's.
And if they're young.
Oh that's nice.
Is n't that lovely?
Look, lots of love from Alleycat and Digger.
Ah.
Oh look at the penguin!
Spot the difference.
Which balloon.
Dot to dot puzzle.
What are all those then?
Oh that's good.
Mm.
It's good ideas is n't it?
Mm.
Oh that's what we were gon na look at today, trays.
Cos you want, oh no you've got some.
Oh no cos cos you ca n't get shop, Christmas shopping there.
You well you asked us said you could break the journey.
Mm.
Cos you said you're going to your sisters erm your sons on the twenty fourth.
And you said cos it'll be so busy could you stop over, you was n't coming down to me till sort of like after threeish.
Yeah.
Fine, fine.
And then you've only got this travel.
I know but the twenty fourth if you came down cos you.
Well because everybody finishes around.
Mm.
I'll make some tea.
You'll have to keep talking Carla.
Ha.
I need the milk.
Ooh ah!
Messy pup down me trousers.
glasses out there Jean?
What you doing?
Oh.
Alright then.
A pen?
What, the one out your pencil case?
early your brother.
Well we hope so cos we wan na get off get off pretty early me and Jean.
. I ca n't get over how this bedroom looks.
Have you seen them?
Oh that got from Ikea.
The mirrors.
And it was eight pound for the whole pack and all the spacers.
And they're ideal in kids room we're gon na, we got, if we can get up after Christmas get them for Lee.
because she wanted a mirror in her bedroom.
Well we could n't get one under twenty five quid.
And I said to Dave put that on the wall.
I said because then there it is the four you can see her standing on it.
She can still, she can see her whole body in it.
yes.
As you go up.
Because that is.
is eight pound for four packs and all the spacers and everything.
Erm so if you had, a lot of people had like two packs.
so they sort of had it floor to ceiling.
Oh look is n't that a lovely one?
With her trolls.
But do n't the house look lovely.
when you take pictures.
See that looks effective.
I took it on the lamp.
Oh no you were taking all these Carla were n't you?
That was of Lee's hair was n't it?
He was so engrossed studying.
I mean his bedroom looks enormous.
She is a character.
Look at her face.
These are marvellous this company because.
for three ninety nine you get three sets of prints.
Erm plus a free film.
Cos I was gon na to take it into Boots and they wanted five ninety nine just to have them developed.
You've got a bone stuck in your throat.
I think it was cos it was so hot in there Jean to be honest.
I was starting to feel quite whoow.
And then it's cool in here.
It's.
it's the right temperature in here now.
It just got so hot in there.
But I suppose sitting there you just did n't realize.
You're sleeping at er Leanne's tonight Carla.
Did you see Jenny yesterday?
What'd she say?
What's she got now?
I know.
She was having so much trouble with that Volvo.
Paid twenty one grand they have, just have.
For a new Volvo.
I mean ridiculous innit?
And it's been in and out.
In and out.
And they keep giving her a courtesy car so I should think so after spending twenty one grand!
What did she, when did she say she?
Oh was he?
Was you good for dad?
Do n't need to slop do you?
Schlurp.
Mm.
I know they're yum.
Did you get all your homework done?
That's good innit?
That's what's good about her.
She's so enthusiastic.
She, she gets it done.
She never lea where Lee leaves it and then Sunday he says oh god I've got.
yeah but you've done the worst of it have n't you?
What's the Playdoh for?
What's the Playdoh for?
How are you gon na make grass then?
Get some grass.
That's a good idea I was gon na say.
Yeah.
I do n't know where you can find it though.
Do n't think we get any.
Yeah yeah.
Moss through the post.
Soil.
It's funny I was laying in bed last night thinking of, of the different levels in, in Debenhams.
All the floors.
They have erm I bet father Christmas is in his grotto there now.
Is he, he is late in his grotto in shops?
Yeah cos when did we go to London?
Half term week.
October.
You went to see him did n't you?
Mm that's right.
Mm.
I bet Guildford though.
I mean I have n't been to Guildford for oh god I do n't know when I think probably with you the last time I went to Guildford.
I dunno when that was.
Ages ago.
No.
Told you dad went to see the real father Christmas at.
Well they have to have lots of pretends cos there's so many children.
And for good children the real father Christmas does n't go.
Like I told you.
So you have all these father Christmases in the shops for children that they ca n't miss out on Christmas but are sometimes naughty children.
Cos you imagine the thousands of children there are.
Children.
Beg your pardon.
Sorry.
Erm and father Christmas could n't go to every single child.

Lovely.
Have you watched any good videos lately?
Tapes.
Mm.
He's very good.
See that's another thing you could have got Neil.
The, the new erm kickboxer out.
Ten ninety nine.
Lee, Lee said about it did n't he?
Mm.
What is it you want?
Oh Home Alone you want do n't you?
Oh no I liked that.
Yeah.
I do n't know why.
I mean it was.
Yeah that's what it.
Erm I do n't know what it was.
I ca n't say.
Yes.
That is what I think I liked about her.
I mean the fact and it, that it was, half of it was so true.
I mean it's like when.
she went into the the store.
They did n't want to know.
But then when she went back!
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah no I, I do n't know what, I quite liked that.
Mm.
I say they would n't sort of spend like he did.
But I, I like you say I mean half of me.
I liked it.
But the other half it was crude.
What?
What, for your homework?
Cos you got ta well have n't you got to write on that project?
No it's not Japan is it?
It's a museum?
Oh are there?
Is that the museum you went to the other week?
Oh I did n't realize it was on Japan.
I like that.
I thought that was.
I like that one of all your school chums.
You ought to keep that cos it's a nice memento to keep.
Oh yeah.
Are n't they lovely?
What are they?
They're good are n't they?
You'd better go up to you're yeah it's good.
But go up to your room and get your bag packed for what you, ready for you're not going straight to Leanne's you're coming back for half hour or so?
Mm.
Boyfriend!
But he's the one that's been round is n't it?
Yeah, he's handsome.
The blond one.
Is that Bobby?
Mm.
Yeah he's sweet.
He reminds me of Dennis the Menace.
It's nice to keep.
Do you know what you ought to do?
On the back.
Yes.
But on the back you ought to write all the children's names.
You'll forget.
Because I mean I.
I've got one picture of in my, in the netball.
I know.
And there's three girls in this netball and do you think I can think their names of us?
You know I mean it's so annoying and I wish now I'd done at the time, wrote their names down.
Is n't it funny?
I mean you do n't see any school chu, I mean I have n't seen hardly any the odd one or two since I left school all those years ago.
And I st when I started this aerobic class there was four girls up there that I went to school with in my class at school.
Yeah.
Amazing.

So that's like Mr.
I mean it's a sort of standard joke when we go to Lee's school.
And it's funny Jenny, you know me auntie she went er cos she wanted to go round, Laura goes up not next September, September after.
cos you know it's the new erm the intake where they're taking the younger children.
The younger again now.
So they're taki it's I think it's daft because they're introducing it in nineteen ninety three and they're taking two age groups instead of taking one.
So they've got that great big intake.
Anyway she's gone round all the schools in you know the area.
And she's come up with you know, Haweswell she likes best, she was most impressed with.
And she said I could n't believe Bren.
I walked in there into the er geography room and erm this chap turned round and said hello Miss.
She said and I turned round and she said it was Mr she said!
I died she said of embarrassment!
I said why she said er she, he said ooh, she said oh hallo and he said erm hallo how are you?
And she said I'm fine.
And she said I got out the door as quick as I could.
So then about a week later I was going to the open evening and he said oh ask him how he remembers.
And I said oh Miss wants to know was she a little bugger.
I said or was she a little sweetie.
And he said she was a real sweetie he said.
And Jenny said all those years I had a crush on that teacher she said and I thought he never noticed me.
And she said cos she said you know she she said I was madly in love with him.
You know how you do, you get your crushes on your teachers?
And er she said, and he must of noticed me.
It was so funny.
And he said no she was real you know he said really good.
He said you!
I said what, well I was good was n't I?
No he said you were a little horror.
I said thank you very much.
He said you'd ne, I used to say to you get on with your work he said and you'd have a pencil in your mouth he said and you'd be gazing out the window.
He said never been and I used to be going like this to you.
And I said well I I do n't remember, he said I remember.
And I thought all the kids that has passed through him.
how they remember.
I mean he knew me as Brenda, my first name.
And that was it.
And Jenny he knew as Miss.
Well no cos I said to him Miss he said oh you mean Jenny?
And he he he knew and he said, and I said you amaze me.
Cos I mean he must have had thousand kids in that sort of.
seventeen years.
You know, sort of going through.
And er and he and he remembered.
It was quite sweet actually that he that that he actually did sort of remember.
Mind you I suppose you can certain pupils you remember their names.
Well it's like Fay.
She re she recognized did n't she?
Hello Mrs, I'll never forget it hello Mrs.
I thought god you know.
And she said how do you know Mrs she said to me.
God.
Unbelievable.
I must give Kim a ring.
I have n't spoken, well I've spoken to her.
Ooh!
Dreadful!
And she phoned me, I saw her about three weeks ago, she asked to come down.
I said she I think she's heading for a nervous breakdown.
Erm she had to erm she's got the social worker in now, involved in it.
and the police.
Erm she goes off on a Friday and you hear or see nothing till sort of Monday night.
Erm and she just, she's just at her wits.
And apparently she phoned her the other night at half past twelve and said can you come and pick me up? said no.
No.
And she said but I'm too frightened to walk and she was crying.
And she said I do n't care.
You should have phoned me at ten o'clock, I would have picked you up.
I'm not coming out this time of night.
And she finally got in at quarter to and she's, oh Kim said she was in a dreadful state.
She said but I do n't care any more.
It's past past.
She did n't want it to go to social workers but the police.
Well the police said now.
any more any more trouble even though she's not getting into bad trouble as such it's going off and coming home.
and among they put it down as the parents er ca n't control her.
So now they're saying if she does n't, if she goes off again without her mother's consent then they'll take her into care.
And she, she just said sooner the better she said cos I ca n't.
She does n't, deep down she does n't, well you do n't do you, I suppose you do n't want it but you know.
I mean it's the last fortnight she's meant to be studying and she's been out with her boyfriends and.
Do you want me to do your hair?
You know, she just, just do n't Oh god bless me!
You having it in a plait?
Sit on the chair there.
You're getting so tall now.
Nearly twelve.
Twelve in February now are n't you?
So you're nearer twelve than you are eleven.
Oh.
You've got such lovely hair.
Do you wan na bet Tracy has n't got the results again?
Oh yeah.
I think though this time here the post is a bit.
You've got your ballet chap have n't you?
What's his name?
Oh Kelly's coming is n't she to see about I think Tracy's got ta put in for the exam has n't she?
See if he's ready.
Yeah?
Thank you very much.
That's alright.
I'll sort it out.
Carla can you clear your pencils and that from the table please?
Well go up and do it Carla.
You've got no time we'll be round n and we'll.
You got them?
Truth?
No?
She picked them up.
Well they were definitely.
Here they are.
Here.
Oh that.
Why.
I bet you did n't realise he was there.
Half past nine.
Are you going to have some more tea?
Go and read your book Jean.
No erm what have I got to do?
Loads of washing.
Clean my teeth brush my hair.
What about your sandwiches?
Some crisps or something?
Carla have you got you use your money then.
I'm not giving you no money.
If you want to buy food up there then you use your pocket.
Cause I'm sorry I'm not giving you money after that.
You got pefec you got sandwiches you got the turkey I bought you.
It's in the bag.
Or your marmite.
You got crisps in there and you've got the five alive drinks for your container.
So go and do it please.
Or you're not going to Lee Ann's.
There's no reason to.
Well do n't then.
Do n't.
Do n't got that attitude.
Got everything organised?
I put your stuff out there cause I thought it'd be a bit cooler out there.
You know the chocolates and and all that.
But I have got two pounds for car pack change What are you ready Carla?
You got everything?
You taking that coat?
Papers reduced in price I would quite like to paper my bedroom.
Hm funny.
? See that's just being sampled sold.
This one's been sold.
By an old lady.
That's sold.
That's been on the market for a long time.
go Carla?
Is that Nathan?
he's in your class is n't he?
Gosh he looks so old.
He's growing up too quickly.
They're do n't stay little babies any more.
So if we see Father Christmas Carla you know that head band you wanted for Christmas dancing.
If we if Father Christmas only saw one with dancing on it would that be better?
No you'd rather have the head one?
Rather need n't have dances on it and it's sort of black little dancers on it?
Which one?
That'll be better?
. I ca n't bear these bible bashers that push in like that.
Do n't are n't this this the first cast?
Yours is I did n't realise this.
It's the fourth.
It's got to be.
a little this weird this morning.
Come on.
See that's what it is.
She thinks she's missing out because I'm going to Guildford.
Are you going to do.
Yeah.
No.
Any other any other Saturday I can not get her up there quick enough.
I'm normally in bed and she says Mum I'll walk I'll walk.
I do n't want to be late I wan na be there.
Yeah.
Hm.
Mm.
But this Saturday she obviously decided.
Yeah.
Absolutely Ha ha ha ha ha.
Me and that clip.
up in there.
Got it.
But I ca n't Oh ooh! through Can you imagine if this was on the superstore sites.
All these houses you got nothing.
Oh that one's sold now.
Yes they'll be on the market up to a year.
But they're erm do n't make funny noises.
gone with that?
Ca n't just sort judge.
That's the thing I wanted.
I do n't think I'd want to come back to Woking.
No.
For one thing I do n't want to pick up with people like Joe again or Jean.
They're part of a life that's completely over.
And totally different outlook interests.
No I think either Guildford.
Ideal for me.
Cause it's got the University and evening classes and all the rest of it.
Well it's a city well is n't actually is it?
It's a town and Neil would get more chance.
Because you know there's a lot more going on in Guildford.
Mind you I mean what I think Woking's going to be a lot more for youngsters.
We've got the bowling alley opening in in February.
I do n't know what kids would be able to afford it.
So what age what age is it going to apply.
No I always think I mean it it just annoys me though I think I get well I just get I just think it's a waste of the day.
Well that's it.
I mean.
Oh that's it cause you wo n't be so bored will you.
The fact you're sleeping you're not thinking about it.
And you know you try and sort of block things out.
It's just a sort of mental.
escape really.
It's a sort of block out.
Mm.
You ca n't you know.
I'd be interested to know whether Neil did that list of things I asked him to do.
Well I asked him to bring the dust bins in.
Empty the dishwasher erm with Paul's help to re-hang the curtains.
You know that my big the curtains to the patio?
You know they're on brown rings with little little tiny screw screwed in metal rings in the brown things?
And you thread them on the curtains through this little metal ring.
Well those have started to come away.
Now you ca n't just replace them.
You've got to take the whole down.
You've got to lift the whole lot off the wall and unthread the curtains and put back the right number of rings and hooks and it's a palaver and I have n't done it.
I took the thing down but I have n't put it back.
So I said the rings are in the top drawer of the bureau in the garage.
If you go and get them get Paul to help you to remount the whole thing.
It needs somebody with or whatever you see.
There's that to do.
And what else was there?
Oh I asked him to go to the insurance company and find out whether I'm covered with them for having my aerial replaced and I wrote a letter asking if he could be empowered to sign the claim form for me.
Now I wonder whether he managed to do it?
I wrote it down.
I wrote it all down I asked him as I wrote it down.
Well because he was half at the time it was just before I left at about nine to come down here you see.
Having said that you do n't know whether.
How he's feeling at the moment.
Oh I do know how he's feeling.
He's feeling he's feeling defeated.
That's it.
I mean the thing is.
You try not to you know I mean.
You think to yourself oh well.
You know things will get better you just feel Oh God!
I've been through this.
That's right.
Every slightest thing is very dramatic to me.
Where you know I would just take things in my stride.
But the slightest thing is so stupid.
When I went to that stress management course we were told to use physical resources like deep breathing and actually making yourself sit down and making yourself go floppy.
and let every muscle let it relax.
That was a power.
That's a week or so.
When I first when I was first driving in the early 1970's you could park in the quarry car park any time you fancied except the few days before Christmas.
Oh you you you paid but you could always get a place there I could remember a lot of parking time when I was n't driving.
As near enough all three parks were full.
again.
They're meant to last three two.
Trees are lovely in that little.
There are a lot Carla she is so tired.
Cause on a Friday night all week she's in and Thursday night Friday night Saturday and Sunday it's all like rehearsals for the Sound of Music.
Er well we'll see how she goes.
The thing is I mean.
Yeah but I think now as she's so advanced in her dance.
The fact is now I mean where like two years ago she was taking two and three exams at a time.
Now it's just one sort of a year.
Where it was twice or three times in a year.
But now I think they do n't many so it's not you know this up to sort of like thirteen they've been taught constantly once to that age.
I mean she's still you know less bothered about the older ones but it's very sort of because of the school work and Saturday jobs and.
and all that I mean you know they're not hav they do n't have to be as committed.
When they're sort of younger.
Well she'll she'll I mean.
I always find I say to Kim you know I mean you have all these you know it's like Shaun's giving up he's giving up his karate and his football and I said well you know I'm sorry but she should n't have let him.
No.
I mean it's about I mean you know I mean it's like today I mean Jeannie said oh well you come with us shopping if you do n't want to go dancing.
You know I gave her the ultimatum like you can come with us but damn well I would n't have let her come.
You know I mean I sort.
But I mean the fact is there's no way she's got she gets the idea.
No that's it because.
The fact is she's she's dedicated to her dancing.
So.
you know there's no ifs and buts skiving off because she wants to do something else.
I mean the other week she wanted to go to a school disco and I said look hang on n get your priorities right.
And I said okay and I said to her dance teacher in front of her she wants to go to a disco.
And she said to her she said er her teacher said to her oh you know do you what you were doing.
She said well I'd like to go because it's my last year and her her teacher said to her well I'm sorry she said but no I'm not happy with you taking time off.
You've got exams coming up and I'd rather you.
be here.
And then she said okay fair enough.
I will.
But erm.
God that tape ca n't have finished.
It's like being.
It's so hot in my head.
These shops never change in here do they?
For years I bet that mind you it looks quite a newish one that one and son.
Chinese hot.
I know it says the car park's full but I'm going to try it.
Doopsey doopsey.
Normally you sit in er you know the trouble is as long as the police are n't here.
If the police are here they make you go right round and sit and wait.
This is sometimes it's a pain though it does Oh my God!
The trouble is if it's like this here it's like this in all of them.
That's the only thing.
Well I'll wait here for a bit I mean you'll queue at the others if I turn round.
You see you get them.
See we're moving.
Where's that down at Debenhams?
I think this will move Jean.
I mean I'm mean.
No it's cause it's it's it's only if the police come they'll they'll move you on.
Did n't shut up.
See it normally does.
move but sometimes the police will come on and say I'm sorry but you've got to.
You know you've got to sort of move on.
On the whole I mean there's only three cars in front so.
What are those then?
Are they flats or are they to do with car parks or what?
Above the.
No Normally see I mean I'm surprised this early before ten o'clock.
You're right.
Imagine in December it would be absolutely murder.
Normally see as people as the cars come out the lights change.
Obviously this early is that's actually come out.
And the size of it I ca n't see it being full up.
Mention ten o'clock she's got bags.
I suppose a lot of people come in and they know exactly what want.
I mean I ca n't even know what shops we want.
Rather than the.
There's a car coming out so they should change colour.
No it's on the outside.
No it's not on the outside.
Yes that's changed see?
Two's gone in.
No the police wo n't move us in on until we're halfway here.
It's when you're sort of there.
She's caused more problems backing out from here he's naughty behind me.
cause he's come right across the.
Keep clear sign which he should n't have done.
Even though they're coming out on the inside.
It's the outside they're coming out.
That's when the light changes.
It's like a magnet obviously see?
I wonder.
It's normally erm.
Bit bit.
Normally there's load down stairs but obviously it's it works on the basis erm.
Virtually it'll change now he's coming out.
You go up round then you come down yes you can through but people queue and wait for one on the top.
So annoying.
If you look down there you will see.
On this floor now you might somebody's just coming out you might be lucky but nine times out of ten it's it's.
on there.
We're going.
No.
Going to be murder about eleven o'clock.
It's just spotting someone coming out.
Unless those mind you those lights to change there must be an empty space.
Well er yeah.
Where are these people going?
Yeah.
is coming out.
You going out?
That's great!
Then he comes in and pinches the.
Thank you.
It's angle.
I've got two pounds in change.
Have you got any?
Because it might be odds David's coming back.
Let's just have a look.
Oh you've got change yeah.
No.
Give us the odd the odd tens or twenties.
I've got enough I think it's thirty pence an hour.
Right.
Yeah.
Right that will do.
Yep that'll do.
Be a little devil why not.
Here they got put it all out there.
That's all very nice is n't it?
Look at that decoration behind you Jean.
God ca n't you see?
You know I've done it again.
After all that I've left ciggies in the car.
I am so useless it's unbelievable.
Keys I get them out I still lost those ones that I got with the matches.
That's even more and more.
The matches matches.
Oh God coming down.
Oh you're joking Jean.
No.
God you'd die of shock.
The trouble is I'm trying to keep everything in order that we need.
No.
That's that's all what?
Got my lighter and the matches but cigarettes I've left in the car Never mind I ca n't let.
She says.
I'm so thirsty.
There's Cornflakes that have filled me up.
No.
I suppose we get out of line then.
Mm.
my mother for oh God for thirty years forty years.
I mean she does n't does n't see a lot of her erm you know and but she and she was talking to her the other day because she does n't like to get involved or say a lot but.
she was saying that you know mother is very evil and wicked.
Oh yes she soon learnt.
She did n't want to say it but then in the end.
It came out and she said you know she very the way she treats you.
She's just unbelievable.
She just could n't believe that's the way.
It just does n't sink in any more.
I mean it's just you know that gone wrong and it does n't.
I could do with a couple of those.
I like those stands with the marble tops.
a lot.
And they've got ever.
Mm it's dished up in that.
This tea and that little bit gives you any inclination how to go about that Oh I see look.
Department numbers and how you spend it so you must have to fill this card in I should think The only the only department is the cosmetics that's not we'll ask when we get there.
It's not half past ten already is it?
No.
Leave the from the journey.
Yeah.
It's we actually got car locked did n't we?
We left home at half past nine.
So it's taken an hour just to drop her off, Get parked and get in here.
It's taken an hour.
Like you say you could sort of travel into London in that hour could n't you?
Strange how it works.
Interesting to see people's bags.
Inside of that everything else.
There's some the baby in the highchair smashed it.
It's too crowded for the kid is n't it?
Mind you some people I suppose have got no option.
That they have to.
No.
Rather be home and let you get on with it.
I think you get you get either a man who really likes shopping do n't you?
Or ones that always just totally dislike it.
Really?
What about the guy that she's seeing at the moment?
Do n't know?
And they'll say that's a good scoop.
Getting a out is n't it?
just a bit sort of all right.
Dave's coming over this afternoon.
I do n't think he'll.
For the suit for Liz.
The in all satin.
But I should think knowing him he'll know what it's like.
He normally parks down by the old A A.
And walks in Do you ever sort this coronation soup at home.
Is it just like a mayonnaise sauce.
What time did you tell Marge?
Or did you not tell her a time?
Oh.
Hm.
Blimey that's.
That's you got Debenhams receipt there.
I'd like to see what less we got off.
It is in in there.
When you pick your Debs card up.
That's it.
Oh no their till receipt.
That black top.
That sweatshirt top that I got which was seventeen ninety nine.
Thirteen pounds fifty five erm.
Thirty two pounds off.
So it should would have been a hundred and forty five.
God there's a hell of a difference is n't there?
But the only thing awkward I suppose about that is the fact you've got to erm carry it around.
All right I mean all right she did so that one of the guys would perhaps carry it around for you.
But you do n't like to because of the fact you know he'll be erm sort of lugging it around and you'd feel you'd actually have to sort of hurry him up would n't you?
You know hurry up.
because.
Mm.
It always goes down well does n't it?
Christmas time whenever.
Yeah you do that do n't you?
I know that one you made last time you were down.
There's no waste in our house.
What's having.
Having turkey for Christmas or?
They having turkey at Christmas or do n't they let you know?
Are they going for dinner as well at Richard?
The trouble with that if you turn it down.
Even this is probably this one year you could probably done with.
It's fairly typical though is n't it?
One year you could do with.
staying around.
Hm.
The thing is who else.
I think and I think that's that's saying you ca n't pick your families.
You can pick your friends.
So true.
Because.
You can do without that hassle and at least if you've a good relationship you got a good.
At least there's not a lot of chance to have hassles.
But that's how relationships should be.
That's right.
Yes.
Because I mean he's he's er needs it all.
Even though he's been to a prison I mean.
He's seen what's going on and five years is it?
Thank you.
It's delicious.
I really want another.
Yeah but often it's a bit heavy though is n't it?
Sometimes it.
It's nice.
Do n't often see an older man in white white jumpers.
they have got some nice men's clothes.
They do I mean the women usually buy men's clothes.
Do you buy Dave's clothes for him?
No I mean women buy them to wear.
these coats erm from men's department.
They just like to sort of I do n't know why but they just seem to sort of.
Hm.
Mm.
It's quite nice.
Do you remember that girl?
She was always.
She was very cheerful very very nice.
But do n't you remember they kept kept saying they were going to shut us down shut us down and then six months later we went there and then ah no they're not shut us down and.
Goodness there's a great sort of burden off is n't it all this sort of shopping er you got to go we finished all the shop and that's it.
Smiths.
Outside the post office.
Er We've got to get Smiths and we've got to get.
Dave's book paper back for Marge.
Calendar for Shirley.
Because they were n't good in.
Erm Debs we've completed.
Bookshop Jackie paper back erm Marks and Sparks slippers and March Marg Boots for tights.
Should be more than a bit but I got Marg.
Maureen is n't it?
Jumpy bits in my pocket is a lot easier.
And that one.
You can have them all.
is n't it?
So is Jackie spending Christmas on her own or you do n't know?
Have they made any sort of new friends where they are?
No?
Are n't they?
Well what do they need?
What what area is it?
How much is it?
And how far is it from you?
Oh it's not far.
Still doing her kitchen job?
She does n't I mean she does n't bother that much now does she?
I mean I think been up.
And slow down a bit did n't he?
Cause he's almost.
Does he?
Knew I had a I hope to get it.
And Jackie's.
Busy.
I might see something for Jackie.
Mm.
It's only two o'clock.
Yeah.
we have always got the bulk we are only going to be in Woking an hour.
will you the er tapes.
You really feel that we've really put into it and really done well have n't we?
And I think I'm left with two people and that's it.
No.
Oh well I think I well I'll come back off holiday.
Well I could have spent the whole week.
I just I just I could have spent five afternoons and it was finished.
I could have done more.
I do n't think I would have done.
Cause I work at cause a couple of weeks ago I thought I God I'll make an effort.
I thought.
Yeah without having to think too hard.
And still you make sure I mean you know for that what I've spent.
It's got everybody.
Yes.
You know did you I mean none of us realised you had thirty odd to buy.
Fifty odd.
I think fifty three.
Yeah.
Funny those in Smiths for two pounds off are lovely.
And the ones we saw in Marks and all that were nothing were they?
But it does n't pay.
Well you ca n't afford to.
And is that is that what she's doing?
Good idea is n't it?
Mm.
Things done in one.
How these people go week after week after week looking for bargain I mean Chris I mean we picked up some bargains today but how you can go week I mean it's okay yes but when you're Christmas shopping you ca n't go for because it's just.
Because it's just so I mean that C and A is so busy all the it gets it gets so claustrophobic.
Look at this traffic coming in now.
And I think the way we did it we marked down the three shops we wanted to do and make sure you do those three shops.
You do n't know you might end up with this this little old chap you're with.
You might live with him.
I mean then yes you can buy a smaller even more so then.
A head?
Is n't it?
Like the gents ' track suits and.
I think it's it's like those candies there's lots of little things you know which people are buying.
It's like those bags I mean le I mean I'd go if they bought me one of those bags.
You know if er people do n't oh no they're only one twenty five and you ca n't buy someone that.
But it's not not not the issue of it is it?
Huge.
Yeah.
thing we got so many of each yes.
Mm Oh ooh.
Well I think that's a good idea though that he's got boxes from Marks.
I bet they'll be a real seller those boxes which No wonder they call them underwear boxes.
If you had to buy a box then the tissue paper then the bow.
All I would do with it just to fancy it up you know to buy some of that pink sheering stuff.
and curl it.
and just tie it on the top.
Yeah You've saved on wrapping paper.
I've got to get some petrol I have to get at When did you ask me in Guildford B H S now?
You said it was for a B H S.
I like how many of those tops you got on?
Really it's really flattering top.
Yeah.
Erm.
Oh yeah.
You worn that?
Oh but he he said the same things He goes on and.
Is she the original one then.
She's not the one that was coming around with the baby?
That's right.
How come she took him back then?
She did n't want.
But was n't she sort of playing around with another man?
What did he say?
Cause I can remember him saying before he used to drive round to spy.
Is he is he.
Yes.
Because I can imagine Paul being sort of a homely chap.
If he gets the right sort.
league with someone who can put up with his sort of.
conversation cause he likes to chat and this.
But I mean.
He is is n't he?
Did he ever get back with her?
Has he?
But he's he's quite fond of her is n't he?
Did she bail herself out in the end with over her money situation.
Oh you had did you have to pay the money?
Because you.
Mm.
That's right.
No never met him.
My God!
Look at the queue to get into the car park.
Yeah.
What's he He do n't need to.
No I've never sort of come across him.
You said he was sort of looked gypsified.
See this is the new orders.
should have gone to the one the offices that are by Woolworths.
Well it's just er office car park and I normally use it.
We do n't come into the I just thought as we want Smiths and Intersports.
it's this end.
rather than walk all the way from Woolworths.
Erm if you want one.
We'll see how.
Book.
That's all.
And Dave's book.
I do n't know though.
I mean.
Oh I've got to take you in the Chinese shop.
Remember you have n't been in there yet have you?
The Japanese shop.
It's fantastic.
I bet you buy something in there.
They just do it's only round the corner and I remember last time I said I'd take you and I did n't.
Oh it's lovely cause the girls in there wear the kimon.
What's the.
Yes.
Yes and they wear a sort of like a back thing on the back.
Is that Chinese.
Yes Japanese shop then it is.
Oh but they do some beautiful things in there.
And my other favourite shop I love in Woking is the birthday shop.
They do like erm ever so unusual things.
You know lovely pencil sharpeners and rubbers.
And they're all so like ten.
and twenty p things but ever so unusual.
Like there might be an ice cream co all fun things.
It's a real.
Real lovely shop.
Does n't pay you to go back you can only go forward.
Unlike you say, I mean, have you ever heard what's happened to Jo and her husband, her husband was ill was n't he?
, yeah.
Well what's Marg doing now then?
Nice.
Has she still got all that weight?
It is falling off.
Mm.
Is she still seeing that chap?
Mm.

Oh yes cos she was rather large was n't she?
No.
Do you want one or two?
I'll move round.
Were going it wo n't be long before we go anyway.
Trouble is where ever where you go at the moment, I mean all the cafe's you've got to wait and no seats is there, we tried another one before we came here.
I must admit this town short of cafe's for reason.
Are you ready to go?
Do n't worry I'll get this, Ray gave me some money, I've got ten pounds so.
Yeah, I'll go and sort this out.
Yum.
Good is n't it?

Looks nice does n't it?
That's nice is n't it, that was a mince pie with cream.
Do n't often er get things like that do you?
I've never been in there.
Mm, where's.
Oh its nice.
Mm.
So how's it, Neil's getting on with his karate then, he's still.
He's still serious about it?
He's been doing it for quite a while now has n't he?
It must be nearly a year.
Mm what about green or orange or yellow?
Is he, is he going to go for his black?
It's like erm that leisure, I mean he's obviously learned his lesson when he did that competition that time did n't he and he, he went in and he passed did n't he?
Has he done competition since that?
Does he keep his cool though?
Probably learnt has n't he?
But he, he, he enjoys it does n't he?
Get him a out in it?
Restaurant's just oh if Dave, Dave's coming over this afternoon, I do n't think.
If we leave the phone.
Erm, for the suit for Len.
He hates shopping on a Saturday.
But I should think knowing he'll know what's it like, he normally parks down by the old A A.
and walks in.
Do you ever cook, this coronation chicken at home?
Is it just like a, a mayonnaise sauce?
What time did you tell Marg, or did you not tell her a time?
Crikey that's.
That's what I was said, have you got your, that's Debenhams receipt there?
I'd like to see what the got off.
It is n't in there.
Put it.
in with the card?
As long as you've picked your Debs card up.
What's that? oh no, no till receipt.
So that black top that sweatshirt top that I'd got for Lee, it was seventeen ninety nine, you got that for thirteen pounds, forty five erm thirty two pound off.
Yeah, there's a hell of a difference ai n't there?
But the only thing awkward I suppose about that is the fact you've got to erm, carry it around.
Why, I mean alright should you so that one of the would, is that, carry it around for you.
But you do n't like to because of that you know, you'll be erm, sort of lugging it around and.
and you'd feel you'd actually have to sort of hurry him up would n't you, you know hurry up because.
Mm.
It always goes down well, do n't they.
Christmas time, whatever.
Yeah you do that did n't you?
I know that one you made last time you were down was a.
no waste in our house.
What's Ken and Marg having turkey at Christmas or.
are they having turkey at Christmas or do n't they, do n't you know?
Are they going for dinner as well at Simon's?
Probably like you say, if you turn it down.
Before.
even this, it's probably this one year you could probably eat a.

Mm, mm.
Mm.
Mm.
The thing is today our.
But I think, yeah, and I think that, that, saying you ca n't pick your families, you can pick your friends.
So true.
because nine times out of ten.
well you can do without without that hassle, I mean, with a relationship you've got a good.
at least, there's not a lot of types that have hassle's.
But that's how relationships should be.
That's right, yeah, cos I mean he's, he's certainly sort of, even though he's been sort of prisoner, I mean, he's seen what's going on and, and he's had what five years of it?
and he's sort of life sort of gone.
Oh thank you This is delicious.
Really have some more.
Yeah, but, oh, eh, it a bit heavy though in it?, sometimes it.
It's nice.

Obviously in white jumpers.
Mm, yes where do you think they look, they have got some nice mens.
I mean.
half the women I think buy men clothes.
No, I meant women buy them to wear.
Women, erm from men's departments, cos they just, like she said they, I do n't know why, but they just seemed to sort of.
mm.
Yeah.
This is quite nice.
Mm that was do you remember that girl she was always.
Sweet was n't she.
very cheerful.
very, very nice.
Do n't you remember they kept saying, they kept saying there gon na shut it down, shut it down, and then six months later we went round there, oh no there no shut.
God its a great, a great sort of burden off is n't it all this sort of shopping erm, just got to go in Smiths and, we, I.
goodness knows the.
Smiths, we'll go in there next.
Try the Post Office.
Smiths, we've got to get tokens, Dave's book, paperback for my aunt, calendar for Shirley.
cos there were n't much good in.
erm, Debs been completed.
Bookshop Jackie, paperback, erm, Marks amp; Sparks slippers and Marg, Marg tights.
Biscuit barrel.
did Maureen is it?,.
I've got Marg, it's Maureen is n't it?
Shall I keep it in my pocket, its a lot easier.
And that one, look, you can have them all.
It is really busy though So is Jackie spending Christmas on her own or you do n't know?
I was gon na say that, was they made, have they made friends where they are?
No.
Are n't there?
Oh, well why'd they moved?
What, what area is it?

And how far is it from you?
Oh it's not far.
does she still do her kitchen job?
But she does n't, I mean she does n't bother that much now does she?
I mean I think it counts that she's not.
And slow down a bit you was.
Does he?

I do n't forget.
and Jackie's.
Busy.
Yeah.
Got your seat belt on?
It's only two o'clock.
Yeah.
No, well we've got the bulk, we were only going to be in Woking an hour.
Well you try telling the, the er tape deck.
You really feel, I mean with really sort of put into it and really done well have n't we?
And I get on less than two people.
and that's it.
I.
Think oh well I come back I ca n't.
Mm, I think I would of done cos I, I work at the, cos a couple of weeks ago I thought I'd go, I'll make an effort, I thought.
Yeah.
and you still you make sure you, I mean, you know, all, that what I've spent.
It's got everybody.
Yeah, cos you had, you, I mean none of us realised you had thirty to odd to buy.
I do n't think you really realised really did you?
Its fifty odd, I think fifty three.
Yep.
But those, some of those calendars in Smith with two pounds off were lovely.
and the ones we saw at Marks and all that, were nothing were they?

Well it does n't pay just, queue up doing anything.
And is that what you.
is that what she's doing?
Good idea is n't it?
Thing is the how these people go week after week after week looking for a bargain, I mean, Christm, I mean we picked up some bargains today, but how you can go week, I mean its ok, yes, why your but when your Christmas shopping you ca n't.
Because its just so, I mean that C amp; A it was the same as the it was.
it so claustrophobic.
look at this traffic coming in now I think the way we did it, we marked down the three shops we wanted to do.
and you make, we just do those three shops.
You do n't know, you might end up with this chap your with.
No, but you might live with him.

and then yes you can buy a smaller house even more so then.
But.
No.
do n't it?
Like your just tracksuits and.
I agree, its, its like those their lovely little things, do n't think of buying, it's not very fair cos I mean, Mar, I mean I'd be over the moon if someone bought me one of those bags.
You know, but, people do n't, they think oh know there only one twenty five and they ca n't buy someone that.
cos its not wro not the issue of it is it?
go home.
And that.

I think that's a good idea there is n't a bet there be a real seller those boxes they, I know they call them the.
You had to buy a box then the tissue paper.
then the bow.
I think all I would do is just to wrap it up bow, yeah, buy some of that cheap stuff.
and curl it.
display it on the top she saved on wrapping papers and the bows want to get some petrol, have to get some get some what did you ask in Guilford to what, why you asked for B H S about?
I do n't know how many of those tops you've got on?
Green one.
Did.
Its really top.
Now, erm, should buy a couple more of them if you see them.
They warm?
Oh yeah.
yes, but the sleeve, the sleeve.
Of course he does.

Is she the original one then?
She's not the one that was coming round with the baby?
right.
How come she took him back then, they did n't want?
He was n't.
was she playing around with another man.
What did he do?
Cos I can remember him saying before he used to drive round to spy.

Just er, he ca n't keep on.
No, cos I could imagine Paul sort of being quite a homely chap.
if he gets the right sort of.
if someone that could put up with his sort of quite reservation.
cos he likes to chat.
and.
but I mean.
he is, that's it.
Did he ever get back with her?
Has he?
But his, he, is he, he's quite fond of her is n't he?
Did she bail herself out in the end with over her money situation?
Oh you hate, did you have to pay the money, cos you had.
Mm.
that's right.
I do n't think quite.
No, we never met him.
My god, look at the queue to get in the car park.
There.

What's he waiting? you do n't need to wait.
No I've met, I've never sort of come across him.
But you said he was sort of gypsyfied.
See this is the new Alders.
, should of gone to the one the offices up by Woolworths.
Well it's just that office of car park, I normally use it.
I usually do n't come into the.
But I just thought as we want Smiths and Intersports.
its this end rather.
than walking all the way from Woolworths.
Mm, do you want one?
We'll see how.
Book that's all for Jackie.
Dave's book.
I do n't know though, I mean.
Oh, I've got to take you in the Chinese shop.
remember you have n't been in there yet have you?
The Japanese shop.
Oh its fantastic, I bet you buy something in there.
They, they just do, its only round the corner and I remember last time I said I'd take you and I did n't.
Oh its lovely cos the girls in there.
with her.
Was the.
yes, it's.
yes and they wear a sort of like a back thing on the back, is that Chinese?
Yeah Japanese shop I think it is.
Oh, but they do some beautiful things in there.
And my, my other favourite shop I love in Woking is the Birthday Shop.
they do like, erm, ever so unusual thing, you know, lovely pencil sharpeners and rubbers and there all sort of like.
ten and twenty p things, but ever so unusual like there might be an ice cream co, all fun things there all.
there all, lovely shop white envelope.
No upside down you got it, that bit goes underneath the lip.
No, no.

Be curious to see what this like when it's all finished though Oh could of gone there, did n't see that one.
God it's so dark and miserable is n't it now?.
Just gon na wait for that space Normally I'm lucky to get round here.
Oh, there must be coming come on love, shut the door I'm a bit dubious because of her.
being there.
I need some.

It's easier.
Mm.
Oh it's wonderful.
Mm, I have n't been shopping this weekend.
We go one, you know, if I I just make do with what we've got.
I'm booked tomorrow because I'm going to Blackbush at seven o'clock in the morning.
Oh my god, there's remembering things, erm I'm hoping to, ok I do n't, I do n't want to go you know it's too early.
cos I'm going as a favour to give her a lift really.
Joy of a, joy of a.
automatic, yes.
I like the automatic when it's a, your on hill's like this.
Look at the queue to get in there now.
Trouble with.
Yeah.
I've got ta, I think people are so un-organised with Christmas, you've got to be organised, you've got to say like, you know, I'm only going to those shops, you know, if like like now, say so we went in Boots.
for ten minutes.
But I think we could of gone down to British Home Stores, but we both probably would have spent more, than,.
But we got, we got what was on our list.
And that's it, you've done your bit.
That's it.
Or a car.
That's it.
Oh god that money gone right on.
Young pulled right the way across and the traffic lights were obviously red.
No, I think it's just, look, down there.
No, now look at that lot, in that trolley that us.
Get some petrol, go home and have a cup of tea, that gives us about an hour.
Sort out and.
to have a chat.
that's all and, alright,.
Yeah.
Marvellous, it's.
Mm.
Erm.
Sneezing like an oar.
Four star petrol, fifteen quid that costs.
I only blooming put ten quid in it on Wednesday.

That's right.
No thing is you know the shop's do n't you?
And you can normally get what you want.
Were the trains busy coming down?
Oh.
Yeah a lot of people do that, they, I mean, go on the train shopping do n't they, I know a lot of people who are and I would rather sit ten minutes or twenty minutes.
You ca n't keep carrying the shopping.
I mean, that was getting heavy what we had.
You know, imagine it if you had to carry it all around, going, doing the shopping doing the lot.
like we did.
I mean you've got to stop and think I ca n't carry any more.
We could go back to the car that's it.
you ca n't go, you know I mean lugging that around, I this is what put's me off London this really.

Liberties, you like to go up there for that do n't you?
That always, twenty pounds a week.
But I say to.
Not me on my shopping trip.
I bet they do n't.
No, I do n't like that, mm so you obviously help each other.
sort of what you want and what you do n't want.
which is really sort of really sort of Bet you organise your bag, see what else you've got to put in.
Did you, have you find that bag?

Oh, I think you've still got some room have n't you?
Some room on the top.
Right that's got to go on top then, if you'll un-zip it, that's right, did n't I?
Oh that's good.
Bought a.
How heavy is it?
The keys are inside are n't they?
It saves you having a holdall, organise it more to heavy if we put that in there, right, what about, will they fit in the bag?
, right, hold them then, stand up, put.
Christmas tree.
That bag.
Bag and your nightie.
Actually there's not a lot, of weight, of weight there is there, there is.
it's bulk,, it's on the window sill on the.
Erm.
That's right, you ca n't, you've got to go.
So, you, will take you to the st oh she do n't drive does she?
The only thing your gon na have, you might find a bit awkward if you've got to car stair, carry up stairs.
Just ask the porter would you help me carry it over to the next platform.
I think they will, the fact, you know, your in the train and you know it's,.
they see you sort of struggling so you can just do it ca n't you?
I'm shattered are n't you?
You go to bed as soon as, I do n't know where they are, because Dave is meant to be getting home at eleven o'clock this morning.
Unless there still out, he's probably fare up by now.
I think you did good timing today.
Brilliant.
We have n't, I mean we.
No.
It'll be murder.
Absolute murder, and I just thank god I have n't got to go amongst it.
Because er we've done sort of I must Where did I write that if I've lost that list, I suppose to keep Erm, Ron, tin and then you've got hankies did n't you?
and who else did you get the two hankies for?

Erm, shop like the birthday shop in Woking they do it, the birthday shop erm, not expensive, I know in Kingston that shop next door, what's that then.
Mm.
That's it, yeah what else did you get today?
You got Shirley.
and Marg was n't it, book plus the calendar Erm, who was the other calendar for?
Yes, cats.
Yes.
Calendar, erm no, what about you were going to get the thick tights, but what did you get her?
Maureen.
Maureen, book the only thing you did n't get today.
was the slippers for Terry.
Have erm that was the list Marg, Maureen you got, Dave you got, yeah you'll, I'll give you the list of what you've got, you gon na get, three tins of biscuits, your son and neph a bottle of booze, and Terry's slippers, that's all.
and the two grand children, whatever, oh the money.
Or erm, tokens.
And there all sort of things you can just go in and get, is n't it there's no bulk.
Let me write those lists cos there be hard to, hard to read.
Wha wh are you gon na, are you gon na give Marg's present now or?
You have n't made up your mind yet, see how you feel you might decide to just, you've got to hump through it all.
Might be bit of a pain, might'n it?
I know there advertising it on the T V.
that's why they were getting all that brochure, that's what you want to do next time, you wan na get er, all the different Christmas brochure's.
and then you sit down and go through all what books are out and.
Cos I think it's got everything possible, cos I want, say I want a door reef.
But I, I want to make it but I'm, I have n't a clue how to make it.
Yeah.
I think it's a book that just last's for life in it?
Do you ever get, find out who had your book with those sleeping bags in? that was naughty was n't it?
Yeah.
Cos you even leant, those days had your labels you put on yours.
You do, you got, Lee the other night, it's like Lee last Monday, went on the work experience and Monday night it all came down it's pouring, oh it's alright he says, were only going to go to the Woking.
that's what I just register, that's why he want's the cash point.
He went with James to get the cash point.
and erm, James said you not going out in this surely, yeah, yeah, it's only a bit of rain and he come home and he was drenched right the way through top to bottom.
and Dave said, and there you are, that's why you've got a cold.
No it's not, he says but, they ca n't be told.
Well there's a shirt and tie in the bag in Lee's bedroom.
but that's it.
No, no suit or, or anything else, unusual that Dave did n't leave me a note.
I'll have a look at it later when you've gone.
Ca n't sleep at Marg's?
How many cats has she got?
Does she?
Is she, is she gon na move or does sh, cos she was thinking of moving.
Who is, is there, got a family at Yorkshire or?
That she keeps in touch with?
Yeah.
Oh god, it's awful in it?
And is it Marg the one who had the friend in America, or was that Jacky?
That's her,.
That's right, god.
So what erm, so what does she do at Christmas then?
Oh goes up to this aunt.
Oh, how does she get up there,.
Does she come up to you?
Has she never wanted to learn to drive then?
I ca n't understand women that have n't learnt to drive, can you?
Because there's always been an opport, I mean even if your sort of poor, there's always the opportunity, I mean I learnt to drive and then the driving instructor erm, lived next door to my mother saying, it, at the time it should of been three pound and erm, he let us have it for two pound.
I mean that was what, twenty one I was, so, thirteen years ago.
erm, and it's about what twelve pound now, eleven pound?
Yeah, god.
How many years, I mean, that's in thirteen, that's a pound a year, it's gone up.
Good god it's a lot of money in it?
But even the test is dear is n't it now on the actual day.
I thought it was more than that.
But that was a pound.
, but was n't it free when you had it?
Was it.
No, it was n't, you had to pay.
I know with mine it was a pound and, I renewed mine for two years, well three years I think I never drove, I just wanted to have a provisional, but now, I think like if someone said it was fifteen or seventeen.
I do n't know if that's, what's that to stop encouraging the children just to buy it.
Mm.
Well it, well something's wrong somewhere is n't it?
And then.
There's the systems oh I, I told you did n't I Jane got eh reported.
Cos erm, apparently erm Trevor was working for Bettaware for Avon and they had the Social Services round to say that I hear that your working and they do toy parties and they said no, I mean there not making a living out of it, it's was just.
you know.
And erm they said well you've got to come off it, you know, were not going to do you this time, but you've got to come straight, stop doing it all, erm, cos you've been reported and your on the Social Security.
Hard pushed, well she said she went through all the books on the Council, and there was n't one in the South.
Want's a transfer, there was hundred's of people on the list to try and get this way, I mean it's like this women who took Jane's house, to swop Jane, she did n't even come and look at Jane, she said yes I'll have it.
in the south, whatever it is, I do n't care what it is.
She had this big house Jane's got and she went down to Jane's small house.
She just wanted to get in this area.
Peterborough, I mean is nice, certain parts,.
but this part Jane's in I mean it's just the pits.
you know, I mean, the kid's have n't got a, oh it's just like a glorified Council estate it's like.
, but twenty size bigger.
I know, it, you know rot cars set alight, oh.
dreadful it is, and there's no erm, I mean no hope for the kids.
and she said er, and I said, I said Dave said you were a bloody fool to go up there, you let mother talk you into going, Terry had a job here, he, alright you had your house, you had your ups and downs, it was a bit small, you persevere with it, I said your kids are nearly going to school all of them, so I said, you do n't need a big house.
and I said alright so what you've got to struggle for five or six years, everybody else, join the club.
and erm, but they ca n't, they just ca n't except it.
and erm, she said oh well you know, were gon na try, and then, and then, I said well what about Elly she said, well she, she, I said swop with Elly, but she's only got like a two bedroom.
and I said yeah, but then if you swop you might be able to swop with somebody else.
erm, but I said there again Elly's not going wan na be stuck up there on her own if your down here.
And it's like a viscous circle all the time between us my, I do n't know what all become, apparently erm, mother is erm, cos I said you know, you all going to mother's at Christmas and they said oh no she's talking about going away.
I said yeah, nobody bloody want's us do they, that's why.
They all realised they've got there own life to lead.
well it's like Elly, you know, I mean even she said she's, I can really see, she said I even said it in an argument the other day, cos none of them could see at the time.
why have you broke fre free.
she said, I, she said she never spoke to me last week, for four days.
I said well she's got you up there now that's why, I said and they fact now do wrong she's fed up looking after your kid.
And she said, but I did n't realise how somebody erm, could change that much.
must oh she's like Jekyll, Jekyll and Hyde.
But I do n't know, I honestly do n't know what become of, become of that women I honestly do n't, I mean she's sixty now.
She know that and she just seems to be like a vicious circle all the time, I mean she does n't, I mean just getting deeper, deeper into debt.
Bloody lot.
Bloody lot, I mean she's got every, I think credit card out that she can possibly have.
and well over the, yeah I mean your talking about not four or five hundred pound, your talking about thou thousand, fifteen hundred limit.
erm, cos she's sort of gone, like she would of gone today gone in there.
gone, say she had a limit of eight hundred and think oh well I'll do some more shopping oh can you up it another three or four hundred.
of course you might of done that two or three times in a week.
Thing is like that when you spend money like that, your unhappy.
Very unhappy.
Because the fact is there's no, no cause or need for the, for the trips.
I mean my car trips are sort of special trip.
but I mean to say, to do it everyday.
Worth, well you, you get no pleasure out of it.
erm, well it just, it just, you know, with her, I mean, she ca n't sit still, I mean to have, I mean I, the last four Saturdays, admittedly I have n't been well, but I've just been totally indoors sewing.
you know.
and that's, what I wan na do next, take them, to take me old curtains down and gon na re-make them for Lee's bedroom.
Those black one's fit?
They were n't quite right for the room.
Hello,.
alright?
Where've you been?
Oh you've got it, did you get the suit?
No.
Have you been to the hospital?
Erm.
Oh, well where's the suit then?
Is he charging you?
I could of.
Why?
Why what.
Where did you buy it from?
Yeah, where is Profile then?
I saw the bag on his bed.
Must be a new shop in it?
on that corner?
That Bernie shut down?
Right on the corner?
Did.
What's he look like?
What colour is it?
Green, did n't he want to go for grey?
Did n't he want to go for grey?
Is it a double one or?
Double breasted, mm, how much?
No, do n't.
Wonderful.
No, erm.
Yeah, we went in three shops and cleared the shops out.
Everything what we needed.
And we were back in Woking by quarter past, twenty past two, we did two shop's, video shop for Jean, the for Neil and Boot's and then to sports and then back home, we got home about quarter too four.
All done, were having a cup of tea before I drop Jean at Marg's.
Nigel just been round.
I said to him it's all alright, he said oh I thought it would be, it's that sort of, sort of if you find that temperature's too hot you just turn it down.
Yeah, no it was fine.
But that's how it goes on and off, it clicks on and off all the time.
Mm, perhaps it was a slight block blockage in the.
Bet he did n't pay eight nine pounds for that suit in that Profile.

When's the suit gon na be ready then?
When's it got ta be, what the jacket or the trouser's got to be altered?
Taken in?
He's trousers were actually to long?
He likes it long.
Did he get any shoes?
But he's got ta have shoes that cos, that he can wear with the suit and wear to school, cos he needs that school shoes, I saw the shirt and the tie.
I bet it was.
You share it.
If you ever needed, needed a suit, you did that once before, but that's what you said if you could get a suit, would you wear it though?
Bet it's.
Why did n't he wear shoes?

Was there quite a queue, did you walk in or park in?
Mm, I'll go back with him and he'll wear his bloody shoes when I go back with him, how much they charging you for the repairs?
That's not bad then.
That's hemming it,.
and the jacket.
Oh that's not bad is it, no.
I mean you could n't alter it, I mean you could, but the time it'll take you to get it right.
So, is it quite big though the suit?
Told him to go to grey though, cos grey wo n't date, green will.
Just a, the thing wear just a black sweater with it, the thing is now, he's gon na need it for the football matches in he, a suit?
Why did n't he go to, they've got a lovely Burton's in the precinct over there now.
Yeah, there's a new one over there.
I bet he had to get it from out the back did he?

Just you remember when you get your Access at the end of the month then.
What time did you finish then?
Oh what your both going to work at quarter to one tomorrow? has anything exciting happened today?
Of course there all working now, it's in the paper's in it?.
There's a big sign at Camberley's, I do n't know if you've noticed it, when we went to the cafe last night, big sign outside with big black writing, we are now open for trading ten till four on Sundays.
Outside Camberley.
Yeah, great, great big like board.
Did n't you see that, when we went to the restaur, no I went and got the cigarettes, that's where I saw it, yes, cos I, yeah.
Great big sign on it, because people will, you know, I mean Tesco's when we went last night it was packed, no you probably did n't see it.
but it was packed.
Oh I dunno, they are.
Mm.
Mm, mm.
But I still think Tesco's is the cheapest supermarket, I do, Waitrose is way over the top.
Yeah I know working, but I'm just saying there food.
Your joking.
But it's chronic, it's not allowed.
Supervisor.
Mm.
Mm, mm.
Mm.
That is, it is so wrong.
I was gon na say he's on about thirty thousands ai n't he?
Probably more than that, but that, he would n't mind if he had to do it.
Mm.
Disgusting.
if they do n't turn up they do n't get paid for the Christmas and Boxing Day.
Sacked.
They, Tesco's is one of a lot of the firms, but you said there dreadful the way they treat their staff.
But Neil he was gon na go down to Tesco's but he is, Ipswich, ca n't get down here, so he ca n't sort of travel and you know what the hassle of having to take him and pick him up.
Yeah, but he could probably do a two till ten shift, but the two would be alright, but you would n't want to go out ten o'clock at night and pick him up.
Mm.
Age, I'll fight it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No,.
Half five, I've got to do Jenny's ironing, oh there's loads of things I've got ta do never.
Very nice too.
Yes, that's your dish.
I leave it another ten minutes Jean, cos I.
can drop you and then go.
and pick Carla up save coming back.
and then going back.
That's right.
So you drop him at the actual hospital?
Vicky's his girl friend and Jill the mum.
But Vicky's now, she had erm anorexia the girl friend, she sort of got over it but then er hos, her mum and, oh it's all very confusing, mum and the boy friend been together for years, they've now split up, Vicky's now, it's all been sort of everything on top of her.
she's now got an ulcer, and there's some.
She's only fifteen, I mean I ca n't believe it, I.
And erm, so of course, she's, you know, not been well for a couple of weeks and she's gone down from nine four, to seven stone.
So they said last week there having her in and she's in till Christmas.
That's right, well I said to Lee, you do n't half pick your blooming girl friends, he had that neurotic one up the road, did n't he?
But this one I think he's not.
He, it, it is, he gets on very well with her, I mean he only sees each other.
on a.
Saturday.
Yeah cos he realise I mean, he often says oh well, you know, she made me turn against my family and be horrible and he says I have n't had time, he says I realise how wrong I was.
I do n't blame him.
Well I think Lee, he, he just realise, I mean I mean he only sees her once a week any way, does n't he? but you know, she is, she is a lovely girl.
but erm, it's like now, I mean there's no way she'll visit cos he's got too much homework in the work.
and I mean he's tied up tomorrow.
Erm, I said did you say your mum phoned up?
bet that's Lee.
She said to remember you to her.

Eh, she's not going now.
You know what she's like, she's not go.
She sounded as if she's had a few.
She's, doing one of these.
He get's so cross.
He get's so cross.
I got a track suit today, cos he was so cross the other day when she come, but that's what, they've got the money, they've got no, no mortgage, there both work full time, she's got a brilliant job ai n't she?
They wo n't go sho, they do everything together.
but they, they wo n't, they took two days off last week and they sat indoors for two days, they've got a love, you know there fantastic couple, really fantastic, they'll do anything for you, but it's like Dave, Dave's always saying take up golf, go swimming.
you know, and, if like, she, she'll take all the grand children to the pantomime, but Dave wo n't go he's er, over at his dad, you know, he'll stay and have a sleep.
You know, or, or potter about indoors, decorating or whatever wo n't he?
But like Dave said you know, there's no, I said to her you gon na go out on those two days, I said got all your Christmas shopping, no, everybody will get money.
That's what Dave said what we could do if we money, you know, all get a, you know you, like you, if you had a partner to do it, you would n't be stuck at home.

They've got no hobbies, no interests.
Mm, you get around you do.
There, there going tomorrow, what was it for?
What is it tomorrow?
He's coming over here tomorrow on a Sunday.
I mean alright, you can see mum's point in one respect, because she works nine till six every day.
No she does n't have to work, but she, she chooses to work nine till six, I mean she just got her pension thing out did n't she?
for sixteen, seventeen grand in a lump sum, put it straight in the bank.
you know it's, they do n't need the money.
I mean, you know they could do, alright they have their holidays abroad do n't they?
, you know they do n't, tomorrow, what was that in aid off?
Yeah, and that was his brother who lives in London and they've invited him up, but she said she had a bad cold last night and was n't feeling too good, she said I'm fine today, but she said we put them off.
You know they were going to have a meal out and.
Same as the decorating though in it?
Done nothing at all in their house, but since we've been here in doing this and that, every things been changed now in it?
He just sits g, he, he just, you know, it's, it's a waste Dave just sees it at because it's different if they were hard up.
You know, but there not, there lovely, lovely people and they're do anything for you, but we say to them, you know, oh well life's boring and your know sort of, and, but, life has n't got to be boring, when you've got no money wor worries life should n't be boring.
No.
Mm, yeah, but the thing is I mean with Dave's mum and dad, I mean it's like, think, they have the odd weekend away do n't they?
Erm but I mean they went away a couple of weeks ago down to where Dave's brother was buried in Isle of Wight.
now they came back early cos the weather was a bit cold.
You know, they stay, it was quite sweet really I suppose, but I mean, and Dave said that they.
They look, I mean talk about well, Dave dies, what about the security then?
Bolt themselves in, if someone knocks on the door, you know, it's sort of who is it.
and all the bolts and chains come off, you know.
She lives sort of on a knife edge does n't she?
But they sort of, I mean I say, they love the kids and they love, you know, doing anything with them, but, they wo n't, and Dave said why do n't you take, oh I'd love to do golf, and Dave says well bloody well do it, what's stopping you?
Oh and we'd love to do swimming, erm, because we'd done as a surprise for Carla for Christmas cos I mean we said the kids are getting older now, Dave heard it on the radio, erm, for one fifty a head, erm they were opening Guildford's swimming pool erm, from ten till twe twelve?
So Dave said well let's, you know, you sit and eat, and eat, he said let's get up Christmas present, have a couple of Christmas presents, going swimming ten till twelve, perhaps go for a walk over the common or something,.
Put the dinner on low.
then come back and have dinner.
which should be grate, because, he's mum, I mean we love her dearly, but she has to go to Lenny's in, dinner time and us in the evening every year.
so.
We've got ta sort of sit here, and I mean.
you, you know, last year I invited Kim round, cos she, she did n't have, and this year I'm gon na ask her if she'd liked to come.
Brian would n't come, did last year, I mean I do n't know if the kids will come this year but I'll ask Kim, because the single fact it breaks up the conversation a bit, does n't it, I mean.
You know, but that is what Dave said, there highlight is every, like can we come over at six o'clock tomorrow.
That is there highlight, but and Dave, it's his only day off, he, he would rather, I mean he would n't say no, it's not, no.
I mean the thing, they should know, I mean like Dave said every couple of weeks, but ev.
We've got to come to you, like you do.
You are obliged.


Their friends.
, six days a week, I mean it's like this year I mean he's going to be working, I'm working as well right up to Christmas Eve, so are you, his gon na have the Christmas Day and they want him back at work on the Boxing Night.
See he get's a day and a half off, I mean it's like we, I mean well this is why Dave said, he said do you fancy he said.
You do n't go every year.
It was one year she could of done without the invitation though is n't it?, if she, if she wanted her other friends and Neil.
Well that's what we said, but, right.
That's right.
No, I mean, that's what it's all about, I mean the fact is.
Well one year it used to be that she come to us at dinner time.
and then go to Lenny's in, in the evening.
You know.
and I mean it used to be the fact, oh god well we've got to sort of have dinner at twelve o'clock, we've got to be round there by four.
Honestly do all the time.

Took the watch to repair it.
Did n't get repaired.
You know, that's why we thought we'd come back cos we thought we had n't talked much.
No th she's going to her sons Christmas Eve and she does n't want to travel down the M twenty five, M twenty four.
Yeah, so she's going to come to me on the bus on the twenty third.
stay the month, you go early.
I mentioned to her about renting, she said that she had n't, you know, took that idea out the window but she said the only thing is your at the beck and call of the landlord.
You ca n't sort of like you wan na put shelves up and do things to the house, that's what keeps her going, wan na put the rent up it's got a lot of disadvantages.
She said she was going to but then she thought about me told Jean last week and she's baby sitting that's why Jim is n't staying tonight so she thought she better not Jean asked why and she said come over if you,.
That's better yeah but in in shop I was quite surprised, I've seen a, looks quite promising the bags Marks amp; Sparks.
Your.
Yeah, how much is it?
One ninety nine?
Bloody hell.
practice, wow.
Yeah, but.
I was gon na.
That's, well I thought I was expected him.
Mm.
In it, they got ta, that's what I thought, but the thing is, well that's what we normally get.
So I thought that's two, erm and I a couple of quid did n't I, in the card, then I thought no I wo n't put it in the card I'll.
Exactly, ah, I did.
Linda.

body stocking.
It's a tee shirt and he likes do n't he?
Mm, body stockings.

Lynn's track suit where was it then?
Like Benetton is n't it?
Yes it is..
Strawberry shades, just trying to find the tee shirt Benetton and lady.
, it's.

I get two for.
Pay a fortune.
Where you.
tucked in their baggy, yeah.
Laura.
What these?
No, I've got her a box of things, I did a little box up with bits in all some for fifty p and a pound, doing that up and hair bands for her, giving her, given a little box with all little bits and pieces in it.
Yeah,.

I have n't got to buy Vicky something.
Why?

She's eating now, she ca n't wait that chocolate.
I could then.
sitting in the drive, last week she came over to, I said.


Yeah, and then dad's got a, what's that?

Well he settled.
Etam label they were fourteen quid.
Did I what?
You were n't it's your daughter, it's your kid.
Yeah, and even when she was in the no I'm hungry, you've had a bacon.
No.
she did like them.

I remember when she was, she said.
Ah?
I see how I feel, I'm tired.

come in and stay in that's it, stay in and do your own whatever, and then we'll go, when I go and get the cos dad's on late, we'll go to the hospital then she's got John and Claire and erm the other pair are going this afternoon.

staying there all day, she's staying there till nine o'clock tonight.
have to wait till then to come out.
I, I said to Neil I do n't, I see how dad is and she just said she felt told you have.
But the idea of given you that money is to homework,.
twice a day, go and do your football.
So, at least your in out of the damp cold, it's so damp out there.
Think you ended up with a cough and a cold and she's gon na catch it, I caught it off you.
Yeah.
Save your money.

, I've got to find.
Yeah, they would.
You've got blue jeans, black jeans,.
You could of got this dark green suit over the market today for forty five quid.
Lovely.
Was n't lined.
They are now are n't now.
It's.
Yeah, that's what he just said.
You know what Lee's like.
Picked a few parcels and wrappers to Marks and Sparks.
Could n't you?
What size is the shirt?
What collar?
Open.
Was he helpful?
Yeah.
Might get your shoes on Wednesday.
Why does he have to have his trousers on?
But they they've got holes in.
He needs new school shoes.
All he's gon na wear are shoes that day.
Are they, are they quite similar to his school trousers?
The cut?
Cos they look, be okay with those shoes.
Have you gone for the longer length?
Like with your school trousers or short short?
Eh?
you ca n't tell because he had trainers on.
Have they got turn-ups on?
they'll cut them.
They, they will they wo n't they wo n't just turn them up they'll actually cut them.
Go and get your Benolin.
Or the other one.
How many has the other one got?
Four at a time?
So how many ti times do you take it?
One spoonful or one?
Quick, knock him off then.
. We'll knock him off quick.
Must be worth twenty five grand then.
When?
When is it?
With that fifty five, yeah?
Fifty five grand.
What if you do n't if you do n't die before?
You do n't get it?
Is that?
What's that?
At sixty five?
You're sixty five in that year.
A month.
What would you go you would n't have a lump sum?
You'd have the lump sum as well?
Yeah.
If you took the lump sum and.
Live on the interest.

And those family assurance things.
A nice nest egg.
Mm.
You got that family assurance thing have n't you?
And I've got my TESSA.
What about that pension if you want to pack up before?
I shall cha, you know me.
Right.
Well what if he says well, it's alright you take it away and then bring it back?
What, did you think it would be too small?
But that shirt's okay cos it, I mean he can wear that to school ca n't he?
The rest of.
he said today he said I do n't know when I'm gon na wear the suit.
What?
to wear.
Better get something in that's stronger than that Dave.
Two o'clock kick off.
Forty five minutes quarter to four.
Round about no good.
about quarter past four.
Six.
I reckon she had a few last.
sit here do n't we and nothing to say to each other.
last night?
I did as well though.
I should think erm long after.
Oh no.
Not really Dave.

At the end of her bed.
It's not, it's not like they said.
Cos the stand's only that size.
She could have it out and she'd have a lot of fun with it and on it.
I mean Argos does, do one.
Three hundred and sixty nine with the drum and everything.
And if the bloke can tape from it.
I mean you ca n't, it's not, I mean you could n't have it in like.
Er?
Who?
Well she can either sing in it play the organ, sing in it and tape it as well.
You can have a lot of fun with them.
Ca n't erm like the one she's got upstairs is like all she was quite happy with is a seventy pound one.
Like that but a bigger version with full keys.
But this one this bloke's got is a full key like a piano.
And you've got all the tunes.
You've got all the you've got I think a hundred voices.
You've got jazz, ballet, all different things on it.
I mean it's it's good to play.
Well I think that's quite I mean I'd probably knock him down to a hundred anyway.
I said to him if if, last night I said I probably.
I said I want to try it out first.
Leave it at your house and I'll try it out and erm but Nick would n't sell it to you if he thought it was.
not worth it.
But he, I mean that one from Argos seventy quid.
And it's not the full size keys or anything.
Been made redundant.
It's.
it's er she did say.
It's Pete's erm, Pete!
Nick's sister's boyfriend.
Dunno who it is.
Oh yeah but the thing is it's something, it's the main, it's something she, it's like said to her last night.
what do you want?
She said I want an organ but mum would never let me have one.
And it's worth.
Ah yeah but it's not noisy noisy are they?
And the fact, what I like about it, it can be battery or mains.
Plug it in.
And I mean she's, you've got room out there to have it if it just stands.
And then that.
Well funny enough she's, she's got a light to put on now.
Must be her.
I did n't see, I just saw them lit up last, all last night lit up.
And she had that paint did n't she?
That iffy painter?
Trouble is they know she lives there on her own.
I'm glad I've got, broke the back of it.
All I've got now is I have n't got ta go out for a main, if I'm out just pick up a couple of bits for him when from Woking.
But I can go to Woking and get whatever.
And that's like Carla.
I might, what you got from Argos the other day, I might keep one of the things back for her birthday.
Mm.
She needs.
She's got nothing up there what we brought.
Alright that but nothing one game she can actually play with.
It's like Lee I mean he'll have all his stuff and that, he's got nothing to do.
But she does still.
God that'd be a nightmare.
She's got fifty presents to buy.
Well if Vicky's in hospital she said they're going for the day there.
she's not well enough.
But I mean I think Gill sort of worries the fact I think she's, I mean nobody said she'd be in there till Christmas.
The doctor just said.
Well she's down to six stone eleven.
She was nine four before this started.
No she's lost four stone, she was ten stone four.
And then she's been average on the last three or four months she's been on eight stone.
But now it's gone down, but there's no ulcer she had a laparotomy on Friday the tube.
And there's nothing wrong with her it was just sort of it's just nerves is n't it?
Strain and nerves.
She's ever so, I mean she's very quiet and sort of sweet but she's got no.
I mean I said to her today I mean there was this costume there and I said here get that one there I said french maid outfit, nurse's outfit.
I said get that then.
And she went no I would n't wear that!
I said oh Dave would like that.
There was no you know no, no sort of sense of humour there at all.
But erm you know I've, I've but she said he's been right sort of.
But you do n't know how bad he is.
I mean he would n't sack his ex wife.
She still works with him in the shop.
And Gill gave her job to go and work in the shop and he would n't let her go and work in it.
I said I thought it was you?
She said no he kept saying oh we'll start you in a month, start you in a month if I get rid of her.
And he would n't get rid of her.
And that's where a lot of it and she still think's that he's.
Yeah.
I mean he was married for quite a long time to her apparently.
And she only lives two doors from the shop.
Goes round there for his lunch.
Yeah!
I mean you know he's made the break.
And she said he's just so you know.
Yeah.
It's just different people are n't they?
Just sort of a bit.
I've got all that.
Bit of turkey and some drink.
Get a few nibbles sort of like couple of days before like er cos if Kim comes I'll do like I did last year, just a little buffet tea.
But I'm not buying biscuits and sweets and.
Yeah.
I do n't know.
I might get one gateau.
Yeah.
Well I might tell her to bring it.
But that's it, I'm not buying I've got a couple of boxes of chocolates we bought from Tescos did n't we?
Those Suchard things.
Jean's bought me a tin of biscuits and a tin of of tin of biscuits so there's ample biscuits.
Erm and it's just bits of crisps.
There's nothing really.
And a couple of bottles of wine.
No.
And that's it.
So it has n't really.
I mean today I've I paid all this cash.
Well I just think of the fact and I know it's sort of miserable but Christmas night I think well, if you've got ta sort of something like you've got to put up with your mum and dad and I think well just the more the merrier.
Because just sort of go for it and it's all done and then.
visit.
You let them visit you on that night and that's it.
Well we'll just say no.
We'll tell him.
We're, we're not around.
we know they're gon na be around we'll just say you know we're not gon na be around.
Cos we might feel when we come out there we'll look at the turkey, might go for a walk or go.
Are the pubs open?
Yeah.
Christmas?
Mm.
Fresh air or something.
That's what Jean was saying yesterday.
She said you she said when I think she said I normally pay sort of fifty sixty pound a head present she said.
. And she said who really is bothered how much you spend on them?
As long as there's something.
She said unless it, like with, with that doll she's bought Carla she said they're a good thing for collectors for her.
She said you know she, them and her trolls she collects.
She said alright it's twenty five quid, it's an expense but she said but it's something that she'll keep.
She said but to these people that buy these kids motorbikes and big cars for two hundred quid.
Yeah they use well mum and dad's got time oh we'll share it with the kids.
Then we, well just sits in the cupboard,.
Now, he's had it what eighteen months and it's too small for him.
I do n't know.
She do n't know does she?
Cos it obviously she would n't be able to sell, spend it down here.
I do n't think you will this year cos, cos you have n't I'm having to say oh come on we've got to go and visit her.
And I mean I would n't I mean it's no way, even Sid says I would n't drive all the way up there to see them.
Even though if Beryl was n't sort of around.
Because I mean it's like, you know it it's like with Jane kids.
I mean the fact is half her.
I mean it's like Jane I mean I was thinking the other day.
I mean alright she, we have n't phoned each other but I mean the thing is half of her she's just so naive with mother.
She does n't want any up, she wants to be happy with, I mean Jane out of all them I mean normally I mean she's, she would do anything for you.
You know if you sort of said to her look I need someone to have the kids for a week.
She would n't hesitate.
Well she's not is she?
She's coming down to Sally and Jane.
It's Trevor.
Apparently he's really, Annie was saying he really put his foot down.
Yeah!
Really sort of like and she, she walked out and left him and the kids.
Yeah.
She left him.
And he were n't gon na have her back.
No!
Apparently he really has.
No to her mates.
Yeah she would n't tell mother apparently.
No.
Oh no, no!
She was just got so depressed.
Yeah.
With these problems she's having and they do n't know what's wrong with her.
And it's it's it's nerves.
Was there just the kids down?
Just seems to be kids and.
Is there no more in the cast?
It just seems to have the kids.
Is that all that's in the cast?
Where's that Chris then?
He knows his own parts though does n't he?
He goes and.
Does n't he?
Bit dry innit?
Right cocky team they are, are n't they?
No we do n't deserve to win.

They're good though.
No they're just aggressive.
That's why I mean in the score today.
Mm?
Who?
That's what I said to you down the doctors, that it's obviously on his chest.
Mm.
Got ta do the ironing yet.
Got no school clothes.
Nothing much.
You've had a nice lazy day today.
Yeah.
get you breakfast tomorrow then.
lazy.
You could get dad breakfast.

I do.
Mm?
Are you not hungry?
suit?
Brentford this morning.
Mm?
Yeah he's got a nice suit.
So is that the first time you've done that new, that song today.
Yeah.
Is it?
Is that the first time you've done that song?
Was the only one there that did n't turn up?
Did she tell him?
Did somebody ask where she was?
who?
How did he know?
How did he know?
Was she there at ballet?
Leanne's.
She was starving though.
She did n't get any.
She only give her two bits of toast.
Have you told I'll ask her.
I told you that you were starving.
Did n't she say do you want anything to eat Carla?
Who got you the toast?
Leanne?
but Sue were n't feeling very well was she?
Last night.
Was she better this morning?
Why?
What did Sue do?
She should get a smack then, should n't she?
What's the maths revision then?
What's the maths revision?
Here you are.
Spit that Locket out and have that better.
Have this one.
Sorry could you get it Carla it's gone behind.
It's a lot stronger.
Here you are, Carla.
That's.
Spit that out.
Yeah.
What's the maths?
has he got one for?
So did you miss much?
Did you get any homework?
Mm.
Carla, have you brought your creative book home?
Your book with all your Christmas things.
Cover what?
Yeah.
Oh.
What Christmas book?
With all the different things to make in it?
That we bought?
Yeah.
Oh.
Was it any better?
As much there as yesterday?
As much?
Ooh good.
Meant to be resting though, is n't he?
Why?
Do you have to buy swimming?
What's this you're watching?
Who did?
You went to the video shop?
When did you go to the video shop then?
He's not meant to be out!
But you're not at school.
You should be indoors.
It's not?
Well you had t time to watch it.
What have you got for Carla?
What have you got for Ca, oh it's not one for Carla?
Why, what's a lot of swearing?
Did James set a job for you?
starting in the bedroom now, so decorators said they, and of course they're doing the downstairs cloakroom so there's two upstairs, one downstairs and they're making so much mess everywhere.
So do you think you're?
You are.
Did you take a cough capsule.
So are you gon na take a dose of this?
Well go on.
You go and do it in the kitchen.
Well what about your DayNurse?
Take your DayNurse?
Well get it down you as well.
only that one in between you must n't take that.
One more to go.
Eh?
No cos they know.
You got two more to put in for the next tape.
No.
This is number nine and you've got the last one.
Yeah?
Well maybe that's a good idea really and then we'll get rid of one.
Oi.
That's alright.
That's all they want..
wo n't listen to it.
I ca n't be bothered to listen to it.
Can you do that?
And then it fills one side up then.
It will!
Because I've got to get that other one done.
Why?
Do n't you talk much then?
Well is it is this near the beginning?
Is n't it near the beginning then?
You had any phone calls today?
Phone calls.
Have you slept at all?
What've you been doing?
Have n't you done any more homework?
Thought you said you had french and maths?
Eh?
Oh is it.
And did James ask you when you was going back to school?
He's definitely not going back tomorrow.
So you might have another week off yet.
I mean it's not worth going back until er it's gone completely.
This is the beginning.
When did you, what time did you go and get this then?
What time do they want you to start then?
They just said is Dave there.
It's Tescos and Lee said no, he's not here.
And put the phone down and that was it and I said well you'd better go dad cos case he wanted to speak to anybody.
And they did n't call back.
Eh?
Yeah.
Well I'd just say.
I'd say no, sorry, he's in bed.
And then I would n't ask him.
And I'd say no I could n't wake you, I would n't wake him.
Who?
What, he's put on weight?
No.
Do you remember Leslie and David?
Debbie and Nickie's dad that used to be, before they split up.
Did you say to him?
That he'd put on weight.

Is it all over he's put it on?
He has n't got to and all that now has he?
So I suppose he.
Eh?
Who with?
What's her name?
Denise?
Still, she got a clean five pound note.

Still right in her black jeans you know lucky black did n't go all over it.
Tomorrow?
Who with?
Yeah, if I'm better.
Yeah.
But she's out Thursday Friday.
That's what I said you've only got this last Saturday and then like next Thursday next week is your last weeks and then you've got still two weeks clear before Christmas.
Before you finish, Carla.
You've still got two weeks anyway, three weeks.
It's your last dance on Saturday.
Well late night's on Thursday and you're not here Thursday.
I do n't know if I'm going tomorrow night.
I'll see how I feel.
Did you get your homework done?
Did you get your homework done in the lunchtime?
You said you had n't done your homework.
Yeah but yesterday you said you was.
this morning you said you was gon na do your homework.
Oh was it?
Mm?
What have you got tonight then?
Mm.
Oh blimey.
That's good.
Who's the camcorder and that all for the school?
Mm that's good then innit?
What, and all the kids get into it?
Blimey.
Do you want.
Getting quite low ai n't we?
In the freezer now.
Yes I will.
Are you gon na take your Christmas cards?
Mm.
potatoes.
Were they really busy at work Dave?
do they have to work?
I know you only have to work so many Saturdays but because it's sort of Christmas do they like everybody to work?
They do n't have to?
So is gon na buy that house or not?
Why did n't you sit at his table then?
What is the shift he on then?
Mm.
What?
What, funny hours?
Yeah cos the shops, it's every Sunday now innit?
Is that all of them?
Or just.
Guildford ca n't?
Why?
What that they did n't trade on a Sunday?
Cos it was how much, on that family?
?
It's a lot of money innit?
No.
Yeah a lot of people just did n't go probably on Friday.
And the fact, I do n't think there'll be that big on Sundays.
I mean being Christmas, yes.
But I do n't think.
Stupid innit?
Tescos.
Dad has n't been to bed yet Carla.
He has n't been to bed yet.
The battery's going.
Yeah.
Battery's flat.
I'll have to put another battery in.
Dad has n't been to bed yet.
What've I done then?
But I will!
I'll see how I feel Carla.
I do n't, I'm going to hospital Friday, I do n't wan na go tomorrow do I?
Racing round.
For god's sake.
Then I'll get really cold.
I slept like a baby down here.
That, it's so comfortable.
missing.
more comfortable than my bed at home.
And you sort of sink in it.
At three o'clock this morning I went upstairs.
You know why?
Cos I went shopping early last week did n't I?
I went Wednesday.
So it's over a week.
Mm not a lot?
No.
I used them sausages did n't I,.
And the burgers.
Last night.
Should have a stock up really.
Straight after Christmas that flowers.
Got ta put the bulbs in ai n't I?
That's the trouble.
And half of it why everybody's got coughs and colds.
That's it.
Because it's, it's so mild.
I mean I ca n't remember when we last had a frost.
That's like what the decorator said really knocking it out they're on erm.
Pete, well Pete ca n't see why it's taking so long the hall.
So he's put them back on instead of hourly, work.
But they said like they will get his room done.
They've given him a price just for painting the walls.
No putting a up and all the extras he wants.
Because it's like you say in the hallway.
What?
Better put down, having meal.
Well she's coming about half past three Friday.
They're coming about half past three on Friday.

Think that's about it.
Surprised Jenny has n't come round.
No oh.
No.
crazy because I mean he knows it's not done by.
What did you shout out then?
Thank you very much.
Are you gon na watch the rest of that video?
Why?
Did you do any maths?
You got maths and.
Oh.
You do n't hear them though, do you?
Well I thought today at work thought there's no way he's gon na last out.
I thought I bet he's fighting it.
It's alright if you keep busy but it's when you stop and stand innit?
And that's when you bought your meat pies?
She probably thought blinking pig!
Did he put them in the microwave?
What stuck, just from Tesco?
twenty past eight.
ten past nine.
That tree budding there.
It's growing up nice.
This first one's not doing much is it?
I think it was suffocated by those others.
Or unless it's that's the height.
Your trees are growing now are n't they?
Do n't you have to do you no cos if you trim them at the top to bush out.
Oh you do.
When it's finished.
You want.
Where you gon na go?
Just like er.
I shall be glad when that privet hedge g privet hedge grows.
And hides his bit of shed.
Dunno where Mike and Barbara's gone.

They're going away Saturday for a week or something.
She does that shift does n't she?
Twelve weeks on eight weeks off.
She's semi-retired.
would you?
They're gon na buy a new car are n't they?
They're gon na buy a new car at Christmas, after Christmas.
Yeah.
I remember he said when you, mum got that money.
He's got it fixed?
What's the matter with him?
Automatic.
And then he goes out does n't he?
Occasionally.
I think your mum'll probably retire when your dad does wo n't she?
Must have a fair bit thought must n't they?
When you think they're earn both earning a full wage.
No mortgage.
Have n't got no rates.
They've got the poll tax and their gas and electric and the phone bill.
That's all that comes out.
got a lot of money.
Well she gets, how much does she get from her pension a week?
And what have they got to pay out?
Think, they've got no mortgage.
And the bills are n't that high are they?
Think they've actually bought the T V now have n't they?
T V and the video.
Well they probably do but I mean right they can go and I mean what do they spend their money on?
no sort of well they do n't do anything do they?
I reckon she must be, by the time they get home from work she do n't wan na do a lot.
I thought she but I'm trying to think what she phoned me up for.
Yeah, she phoned me up to ask me what she should do about Beryl.
Mm.
For Christmas presents.
Well I said to her er your mum asked me last night.
She said I, will I get a bottle of wine and that?
And I said well And she, well to be honest Bren she said, she has n't really done anything to me and Sid has she?
I said well no, you know.
Yeah but she does it like she said though I mean if I was your mum, I said to her if I was, I would just give it to her.
I said because the fact is.
Well she'll just give it to Ellie to give her.
And send it up there and she said, and I mean all she, she buys Linda a tin of biscuits, Jane a tin of biscuits and Ellie.
And she said well thing is if I do n't do it Bren I do n't want, you know she's bound to sort of say.
I said well no cos she probably do expects you not to bother.
I said just do it and I said thing is if she just ignores you I said you know not to bother next year.
I said just get her a bottle of you know.
One ninety nine Sainsbury's wine.
I said just get something cheap, and a card.
And she said well you know I thought we'd better.
But she said obviously you and Dave asked me, us not to we wo n't.
I said well it's nothing to do with me Pam.
I just could n't go into it and I said you know it'll only, I mean the fact is she's, was buying Ellie and Jane Ellie and Linda.
And should she leave Jane out?
And I said well she Jane has n't done nothing to you really Pam to be honest.
I said the argument's between me not you.
Well this is what me and Sid said.
No.
He's at work.
She's having a I told you she's having a Christmas party now Sunday straight after Christmas.
I said we've got the pantomime on the Saturday.
She said well the following Sunday Lee's away so.
Well she's having her party so Christmas day is the Wednesday boxing day is the Thursday and she and she having her party on the Saturday, Sunday.
The following Wednesday.
Wednesday.
Er boxing day Thursday.
Yeah.
Are you?
Why's that then?
Cos there wo n't be no overtime after Christmas will there?
Yeah but then you're gon na next year cut down on Saturdays are n't you?
When does that one stop?
March?
Then you've only got two actually payments of the new one.
But then can you start another one in February?
Cos you've got, what will you have then, two fifty at the moment?
Is that five years you've been there?
God.
It just goes so quick the time does n't it?
I remember starting that.
Do you still think they'll go over to?
They sorted it out with Kevin and that other one?
Are they still being smartarses?
Managed to sort it out?
Is he still being funny with you though?
That other bloke.
He talks to you now?
Mm.
Oh.
And he was alright then?
Like you say you've got to watch them cos they'll stab you in the back wo n't they?
Where's he?
Really?
Why's that then?
Because he did n't get that promotion?
So what will he be in the warehouse then?
And you do n't wan na upset them cos they're worse than the drivers are n't they?
Mind you they have n't had a strike lately have they, the warehouse?
Have you?
What about that other is that Kitty's son still there?
Has he still got his long hair?
He's never married has he?

I wonder if Polly's back at work yet.
Doubt it cos it was convalescing for quite a while.
Has he?
No, Len.
What, new one?
Newish.
He had the Golf did n't he, last time?
The white golf.
Oh what's it like?
That wood.
Mm.
He has n't.
Oh what, a brass lock and all that?
Erm silver lock and all that?
Has he fitted it quite well?
The actual door's alright?
Get him to fit.
You're taking Benolin as well are n't you?
I suppose it wo n't hurt, one.
In the cupboard.
Next to the, where the cups are near the.
Put the kettle on.
Go on then.
Mm.
That's very good.
Then what else you gon na write?
Dancing and swimming.
There's over fifty there.
How many you got ta have?
And I.
So how many have you got to have?
Erm.
Yeah, hundred words or less.
That's enough then.
And how can you finish it?
Er what's the last line?
Read the last line.
And I also enjoy lots of other sports.
And I also enjoy, E N J O Y.
Oh.
Lots of other sports.
We was on eighty seven were n't we?
So do you feel okay about those results then?
Bit disappointed?
Know you might feel a bit disappointed.
That's what Tracey said.
That's why she to say to you that she's on your side.
I thought you'd get highly commended or honours.
What's that?
Oh.
Dad did?
Nice one.
Yeah.
That's why she phoned you up.
All the ones that she'd got, that got low like Hannah and all that she's phoned up first.
In case the o other ones they're sort of nasty to them.
she wo n't.
what will she say?
What, with her lips?
Yeah she will but I said to Tracey I said one day Carla will beat her and she said I know she will.
What?
I mean I'm Tracey's surprised that Jenny got honours.
Tracey's very surprised.
Cos she did n't think she would.
And like well I said to her I said well then Sandy would have put it down to the fact she did that bad in her ballet.
But it's, I mean like Tracey said are you disappointed?
I said well no I cos I said I expected a co I think she deserved a more than a commended.
But I said it's always the way when you think it's a good examiner she or she, she gives you bad results and when it's a bad, think oh an awful examiner I mean look at that one where you got that really tough examiner and you and Jenny was the only two that got honours.
But I did n't that Michelle.
Yeah but it's like Leanne.
I do n't know how Leanne always gets it must be the fact she's slim.
But Tracey said they obvious this examiner has obviously looked.
for slim people.
Which is wrong.
No.
But that's what Tracey said.
That's what happened with her.
She went in with sl slim girls and they all fa fail passed, and Tracey failed.
Because Tracey was.
No, you're not fat.
That's right.
What is it?
No they're yours are n't they?
Where's your toys?
Upstairs?
But she said you know, and what annoyed her really she kno, she knows how much how hard you've worked for this exam.
But she, but she even said to me while you was in there she said Carla's got the advantage of the fact that she's so good at.
No but yeah but the thing is Carla, be honest with you if you'd got honours again I mean, you imagine I mean thing is I'm happy for you for what you've done.
You've done well to get that.
It's like Jennifer you've got to look at it she's got ta keep up now all the time, honours.
You've got honours for your tap.
Yes y I think you'd be more disappointed if you, if you'd taken the tap this time and you'd come out with a commended.
But Tracey just very cross with her marks.
It do n't look good on her does it?
Only just passes.
This last results she only got one pass.
No.
But award anyway medal.
Junior tap, yeah but you'll get the junior tap.
Yeah but you'll get that next year again.
Because you got honours did n't you?
In grade three.
Have you done grade four tap?
Yeah but you wo n't take it by July will you?
Or would you take it in May?
You take gold in May do n't you?
But Tracey thought Lisa was good.
She thought she'd get a good mark.
She said she does stretch her body.
She has come on Lisa has n't she?
She's better than Emma.
I said what annoys me I said er but Emma and Lisa have n't even practised.
I said, I said thing is I said last time everybody thought Carla was gon na get highly commended or honours do you remember?
Everybody said you were the best.
They all said oh you'll do it, you'll get the best.
And you never got the award last year for it.
All of them got highly commended did n't they?
Hannah and all that lot.
Annabelle.
And you think the drop on Hannah.
Grade three she got highly commended.
And grade four she got a pass.
So look at the big drop on that one.
Least you, that's what I said to Tracey, at least you have n't dropped your mark.
If you stay on the same mark or higher it's good.
It's poor old Stephanie I feel sorry for.
She, I mean I do n't think she's that bad and she only ever.
Does she?
She always only ever gets a pass.
Is it?
That must be horr she must feel.
horrible.
Every time, well she only got a pass.
She only got a pass.
Where you o where you going?
James?
Has he gone?
Oh.
I wanted a cup of tea.
When we gon na do the Christmas tree then?
When we gon na do the Christmas tree?
I found, I told you I found a bag of did n't I?
I showed you.
What's the matter?
You got something in your eye?
Shall we have a cup of tea?
What do you say you're never gon na do exams again?
Do n't be stupid.
That's what Tracey said.
You must n't get a downer cos of it.
Because she said she's you know it's not your fault.
You deserved more.
Mm stupid examiner.
It's like Tracey said the morning marks were all the bad ones.
Worse in the morning.
She said erm her marks were all over the place.
The worst marks she'd ever got from an examiner.
Of course Tracey why she's upset is because she said that she had this examiner.
That's alright.
See you soon.
Bye.
Oh!
He's made me a cup of tea!
Little darling.
Thank you.
Because I've had my slippers on to wear.
What was I saying?
Yeah cos do n't you remember Tracey on the day of the exam? we'll do alright here, she likes my style.
And that's, Tracey's really upset.
Cos she thinks now because she got passes just mainly passes she thinks that her school's, looks bad on her school.
She only normally, she said all I ever get normally is Elizabeth on a pass and she got more passes than anything.
And I said well I suppose it does look bad on you.
She said well at least I, you know she said if I thought they'd get only pass I would n't put them in.
Cos she pulled two, two out did n't she?
What if she'd put them in!
What did you think Helen would get then?
?
What about Marie?
Michelle?
Sara?
Yeah cos she's coming on.
Cos she do n't normally get a high mark does she?
What about Stephanie?
What about Stephanie?
You think she deserved that?
She tried.
Yeah but Tracey said it's all the ones that have worked hard and tried have got low marks.
And the ones that have n't really bothered and were n't that good at it.
Yeah.
She thought she'd only get commended or highly commended.
She's just she she she's just said on the phone, I was so shocked she got honours.
So shocked.
That Jenny did.
Lisa yes.
She thought Lisa would have done.
No.
She thought Emma might have got a commended or highly commended.
Yes but.
Mm.
Perhaps she thought it was you chatting.
perhaps she thought, that's it, I bet she writes it down chatting in the exam.
Eh?
And Emma would n't say would she?
Emma would n't say would she?
?
Father Christmas what you doing with a father Christmas?
Where do you get that from then?
That's Paul Daniels innit?
Auntie Linda was saying that Auntie Jane's been in hospital again.
No.
They reckon she's got a hernia or something now.
Yeah, no.
This is a different one.
Well I dunno.
Tracey then Linda.
And she said that she keeps her dog indoors now because she wo n't You know their big alsatian?
Auntie Linda and Rob's dog.
Because she said because he wo n't let the postman come round the back so she has to keep him inside.
Then when she was talking to me someone knocked at the door then Auntie Linda was saying he wo n't bite you, he's alright.
he's so big though.
I think she was frightened that she was gon na get be bitten.
What present have you got left?
Is that all?
Got Tracey.
Got Tracey and Avril's present.
No it's horrible.
I thought we'd give her that.
Avril said she loves Marks and Spencer things.
She loves those lacy things you know by and do you remember I I bought for them for Christmas I bought her a tissue box with that beautiful lace cover?
Well Tracey can have that.
Or the make-up bag if you want.
You can choose which one.
What've you got Avril then?
Oh yeah.
Pincushion.
One of what?
I'm gon na try one of these round ones.
No cos they're right at the bottom now.
Mm!
Shortbread!
What are you doing out there?
See how many.
See how many teddies you can spot.
That's it.
Look good do n't they?
Oh no come here then I can talk to you.
at the table there.
I was just thinking I bet that Helen was pleased then cos she must have passed must n't she?
Helen.
Who always fails.
Oh has she?
Oh has she?
Oh that's good for her cos she tries does n't she?
She said what?
Oh yeah.
Has her mum pulled her out?
Or does she still go?
St she still goes?
I kept thinking like did you definitely did n't talk in that exam?
You swear on it?
Emma was talking to Lisa.
What was she saying then?
Oh yeah about her foot.
So what was Emma and Lisa saying then?
She did n't hear them?
I would n't have thought she'd hear them would she?
She looked at you she said, you said.
Yeah I do n't think she she would have that because see what the report says when it comes through.
I should n't say to anything to Miss cos we do n't know what she got.
Cos there was only, there was only three grade ones were n't there?
Oh no there was loads were n't there.
We only saw Helen and that lot did n't we?
And Elizabeth.
And who was the other girl?
Was she good?
Perhaps she did.
Perhaps she's the one that got honours.
Ooh probably not then.
But is, is not good at tap?
What did she get an honours in then?
Ballet?
Oh.
Oh I did n't know she she really when she said give it some.
Your examiner.
Well she said something and you said something, you really sort of.
The ribbon.
gon na be lost tomorrow innit?
Quarter pa you're gon na have to have your dinner at seven when you come home.
And a drink.
I'll get you, I'll go shopping.
Take that with you.
Well it's not, if you I'll pick you up at quarter past four.
Well we do n't leave till sort of ten to five do we?
Five to five.
I've got the rest of these to make.
Got ta set them up in the machine room.
Yeah they're all done.
I think they look quite good do n't you?
Hanging up like that.
The Christmas tree?
You opened your calendars yet?
And then I've got the big soldier.
Another father Christmas.
Cos you've got one have n't you?
You've got one sort of father Christmas in your bedroom.
on him.
Yes you have.
The one you made, father Christmas.
You know the father Christmas I've just found and it's on your white bookcase.
Oh yeah they I know what you was talking about, what you made, yeah.
Yeah.
No, did I?
No you did it and stuffed it and all that.
That's right.
Must get the tree down and we can do it at the weekend.
What time's on a Saturday then?
Oh do they?
And they just hang around till five?
What and Amy and that?
Oh picks them all up together.
How do their ballet at?
Do they?
You might be still asleep then.
Just.
Why?
Tough.
You do n't wan na miss now.
You have n't got much more to go.
You got your pantomimes you're going to.
What's your pantomime then, Jack and the Beanstalk?
Is it?
Yeah I know she's got two.
Nan said about a father Christmas.
She wants to take you over to Debenhams or somewhere and go and have tea.
And I said well Carla will show you where to go cos she said is there anywhere to get to eat?
I said there's two nice restaurants is n't there?
In Debenhams.
Yeah and do n't you, now in in Debenham they've got a special lift.
It's all got lights.
Sparkling.
And it's called erm father Christmas grotto and toyland.
It's at the top but the lift you pick up at the bottom now.
Put an extra lift in.
And, or it's one of the two lifts they had and they've made it er toylands.
And it's all got Christmas lights and.
Yeah right at the top.
Is it good?
What's Linx?
Ooh.
I blowed my nose.
What!
What?
Just give it a little tap.
It should just stop buzzing then.
No.
Littlewoods?
London or Kingston's Littlewoods.
That was the big one we used to go.
Did it?
Did it explode or?
Was anybody hurt?
Who?
Was she?
Oh.
When you got rugby then?
Do you like it?
What do you mean?
Who does it then?
Better.
Oh two chaps actually come in?
What, getting dirty?
Do you mix?
Boys and girls?
Is he?
What Martin?
Oh him.
Oh he's a fast runner.
Is he gon na I expect he is is n't he?
Cos Louise does.
What girls are going to?
Helen is?
What Elizabeth's going to??
Oh she's going to that other one ai n't she?
Is n't she?
Elizabeth's going to.
No I and then the other side a got ta be.
Twenty past three.
Car broke down on the.
I sat about forty minutes in the traffic jam.
I thought I'd go to Sunningdale.
I thought it'd be quicker cos it's there it's shop.
Waitrose there.
There's Waitrose at erm.
It was!
Empty, not a soul.
Mind you I got a right dipstick decided wan na talk about how she cooks her frozen s cauliflower.
Woman on the desk.
depressed by the time I got home.
Thought want me to go and do my shopping.
Eh?
No I just it just, I'm normally in and out are n't I?
In half an hour.
The shop, I mean there must have only been about five or six people in the shop.
Any news on the Tesco front?
Did you sleep right through then last night?
From five till one?
phoned up yesterday.
She's Tracey phoned up.
She's written off and complained about the judge.
She just were n't happy with the results.
Very disappointed with them.
And she, she never has any fails.
Majority more than over half just got passes.
Had three she went into erm Tracey placed that she come out honours and Lisa highly commended.
And the other two commended.
And they three came out with honours and she came out with a commended.
She said that she penalized her cos of her weight.
She was n't a slim little tiny girl.
She says it's all wrong.
So she said I've written, I should n't do she said but that she'd written and complained about it.
This is it see.
If if you're tiny and skinny and petite.
You, it's like Leanne I mean she's not a as good dancer.
It's like Jenny, like Tracey said Carla was the best at She even said apparently to the big girls on a Monday there's gon na be a lot of heads turning a lot of chat going on when Carla comes out.
We're looking at honours this time and she just said last night she, she said that's why I phoned you she said cos I just ca n't believe it.
She said cos she was absolutely brilliant.
You could n't fault her out there.
And even the woman in the examination the pianist she actually tells Tracey if some of them are bad or whatever.
And she came out and she said that Carla she said, she said will get honours.
She said she's absolutely brilliant she said you could n't fault her at all.
And Tracey said that's the only thing she can think is the fact they were tiny, cos Emma and that all are, tiny little skinny things and Jennifer.
And she said it's the fact that she's carrying the extra.
Dunno.
I honestly do n't know.
It's just ce yeah but certain, like she said is n't it?
Certain judges.
I mean look at the adjudicator at.
Mm.
Mm.
That's what I said to her I mean and Tracey wanted her because she did n't want her to feel upset.
When she goes in tomorrow night and all three of them have got honours and she never.
But I said to her she never gets higher than a commended cos, she knows it's cos of her weight.
Yeah but they, there's people like that Carla.
But I said there was a lot lower than you got only passes in your grade.
But it's the same in the tap were n't?
I was thinking today you and Jennifer got honours Emma got highly commended and Lisa got commended.
Were n't it?
I suppose sh and we all thought Lisa was better than Emma.
But evidently it's what, what the actual you know examiner's looking for.
God I do n't believe it.
He's got a and slippers on.
Good life innit?
Do you see our teddies we made?
Did we have meat pies today?
Time did he get home?
Did n't Jenny phone?
Taken all your medicine today then?
What are you due left to take?
Yeah.
You did n't take nothing else?
I take these, I've started on today.
mixing.
They just help the cold.
Cos I wan na try and sort mine out cos after tomorrow I ca n't take any more.
I ca n't take them on Friday.
I did n't think he'd be cooking tonight cos I knew they were n't shutting the.
Gone out and not coming back?
How many Benolin you had today?
You gon na take one more?
Do you take it four times a day or.
Four times a day innit?
Only had three.
You done any revision today?
Ooh.
You must try and get down to it tomorrow Lee.
If you ask James though if there's anything you need to know.
Or anything you need for Monday he could let him kn, he could let you know.
Cos they wo n't stand if you sort of say oh well I was away last week they wo n't take that as an excuse.
And what about that maths then?
Did he give you that?
And Italian thing?
So maybe he's playing with Tom all day today?
What you been doing then?
You asleep when dad come in?
You asleep when he was here?
Well did n't he wake you up?
Where was you then?
Upstairs?
Asleep?
What, not on the couch?
Yeah?
But I left you on the couch.
Oh did you?
Oh.
You were just resting then.
Then you went upstairs did you?
Oh I see.
And then you woke up about one o'clock?
How long did he come in then after I phoned?
About ten past one.
Did you have your.
No he were n't.
He said he'd gone.
Put it back on now.
What the London?
It's stupid that London.
All it is is talking because.
You looking forward to Greece?
Who's going then?
Just year seven?
Carla?
Carla.
Can you talk.
Is it just year seven.
Have n't you got any then?
How come you do it at school now then and not bring it home any more?
Carla.
Carla.
I'll turn the T V off.
I said how come you do it at school now and you do n't bring it home any more?
Ugh!
So what did she erm say about your canoe thing you made.
Oh did you bring it home?
When are you seeing James next then Lee?
Oh I very much doubt it.
I ca n't see your dad letting you.
Not after you have n't been in school all week.
Friday when?
Friday night?
When did he say that?
What did he say then?
But he thought you was going back to school did n't he?
You might have to phone Gill tonight wo n't you?
Why?
Well she'll probably phone anyway wo n't she?
That's what I mean.
As we have n't so she might.
Half past nine.
That's what I mean.
We wo n't catch her in.
She might phone about half past nine when she comes back from the hospital.
Well you never know, Vic might even phone if she can get near a phone.
I mean they've got those tr, phone trolleys.
I bet James gets your cough.
Do you?
She said, she said she's gon na have a go at you I beat you.
And she said erm and she said do you know the best thing to say?
Say yeah, yeah.
Like I said to you.
That's what she said.
The thing is you do, you go through life and you think life's not fair.
You think, god why are n't they doing it?
Why am I doing it?
Why have I got ta work and they have n't?
But they do n't, I mean they just do n't some kids have got ta sort of work at it and you're one child, like Lee.
I mean look at James.
He do n't do no studying and he gets A's for maths.
Lee's done all that studying.
Weeks and weeks and weeks and he gets a C.
James just I mean like now you say to James are you studying?
No.
But he'll come out with an A in maths.
And Lee will have done all that revision and he wo n't come out with an A.
She's, I was saying to her she's too upset.
She wo n't talk to you.
Just put her, put the phone to her ear so she can hear my voice.
She said you wait till she's in the she said.
She said she's gon na knock them dead.
Because.
You are.
She said I know she's gon na shine in that.
She said you just tell her to carry on.
She said she's great being my teacher she said for my little ones.
She said the other night.
What?
Mm.
Do n't bother to turn up?
Well yeah but you will this week?
That's what she said, do n't she's not giving up.
She's the dedicated one your Carla.
She said I know she worked hard.
She said people wo n't be nasty she said because everybody's upset.
She said not only Carla.
Oh Clair, Cl Clair?
Yeah but she's got an honours that she has n't deserved.
And like Tracey said.
Oh Tracey will talk to her, yeah.
She she'll talk.
No she wo n't s, she'll just say.
The marks are very bad.
She.
I do n't think Jenny will Carla.
She's not that I think she'll know how upset she is.
Tracey said you just tell Carla and you let me hear anyone say anything.
She thinks the world of you.
Tracey does.
And she said I'm really glad she talked to me now she said.
She said I thought oh my god she's not gon na talk to me!
And I said well she was n't.
I said she wanted to but you you did n't know what to say and you yes mm mm yeah.
Yes.
But do n't you feel better it's off your chest now?
one!
No.
You're not meant to, they've got antiseptic in them.
They'll knock you out.
Saturday.
I said to you you got ta get these Christmas presents wrapped up for the party.
You've got your Christmas party.
Just ignore her.
I mean why do n't you just if she says why I mean she'll obviously have Sandy there and Sandy'll say why is n't Carla speaking to you?
I shall say because your daughter's being nasty.
She wo n't.
She wo n't I guarantee it.
Cos Tracey will say.
look you three got honours.
I do n't want you bragging and being bigheaded because the other marks are low.
Ooh look at him!
Do you get your homework done?
No you did n't.
Do n't tell lies.
When?
You'd better have.
I do n't like lies.
You've been in a bad mood all day.
Why?
Now what did I tell, see part of growing up, right if you've got problems specially you talk.
I mean you look at, see I I've had, I felt like when I was coughing at work I felt like sitting there and I thought I ca n't believe this.
Why me?
Why why is god being horrible to me?
Six weeks I've been ill.
Why?
He's gi given me this, given me that.
I get everything that's going and now god's given them to me.
It's not fair.
But it's life.
You have your ups and downs.
But look at Jennifer.
Have you got ta wear glasses?
Have you got ta wear a brace?
No!
You're lucky.
There.
I'm gon na tape The Specials.
I've got the tape in.
I'm gon na watch Special, oh no.
Oh is it?
Tom who?
you'd better not tell Elizabeth tomorrow.
Is she good at her tap?
But look at that.
What does sh, what grade is she in?
At at nearly twelve?
So I should think she should get honours should n't she?
If she started being funny saying oh I got honours and you got commended just say yeah let's see what you get at grade three tap then.
Just say I'm not in a babies class at twelve.
That's all you've got ta say.
But you just go in there mate.
Sod them all.
That's what Tracey said did n't she?
What did she say?
Mm What she say?
Yeah.
And you're good at that.
Well.
You're good at doing that are n't you?
Oh!
Oh!
Shh.
Taking his medicine I think.
That's Cliff innit?
Stupid.
Hallo!
How are you?
What have you been doing?
Have you had a little snooze?
He's getting better are n't you?
Why lie?
Oh just leave it.
Yeah but dad would n't let me upstairs.
I take it that was the tape was n't it?
That was there?
It had those coloured people on it.
You've got all red eyes there where you've been crying.
Look at them.
Great big red blotches.
Just been talking to Tracey.
Over these marks.
Marks that she has.
Tracey said that she's just gon na be one of these the judge either likes you or he do n't like you.
And like I said to her it's like James.
He'll go in for his maths, wo n't study, go in for his maths and get an A.
You'll study like mad revise like mad and come out with a C.
If you're lucky.
And like she said two and Jennifer's walked in there and they're halfway there already cos they liked the look of them.
They have n't practised or anything but they do n't need to.
They just go in there and they come out with it.
But they'll come unstuck later on.
We all have.
It do n't come easy to us.
Like Tracy said they're b born with a silver spoon in their mouth.
We're not.
That's it.
Part of life and growing up.
But Tracey knows you're dedicated and it's silly giving it up.
No.
But saying right, I'm not going tomorrow night.
Go and show them.
Like Tracy said sod them all.
If they're nasty to you ignore them.
It's like Tracey said with you're I mean she did her gold star she was waiting for the letter to come through, Tracey.
Thinking she got honours.
Opened the letter and she failed.
Tracey.
She could n't believe it.
Yeah.
She'd give it everything she's got.
She said I worked for weeks and months on that exam.
And she failed it.
And do you know what age she took grade four?
And got a commended?
Fifteen sixteen before she got a highly.
Exactly.
Eleven years old and you're in elementary now!
Pre-element yeah!
Look at Vicky.
You're not much lower than Vicky.
And Vicky's nearly fifteen.
You, like Tracey said she had to.
Out of the school, how many of them got in at Sound of Music out of those hundred kids?
Did Jennifer get in?
Did Emma get in?
Think how Emma must have felt.
Her two sisters got in and not Emma.
Exactly.
That's what exactly what Tracey tells her.
She's this is the first time she's got honours for an exam Carla.
She's always gets a commended for tap and modern.
That's what Tracey said.
Emma gets away with it but Lisa does n't.
Had your Benolin?
Ca n't have much more to take.
Have you?
Just keep er go now.
Yeah.
And then that's it now.
No it's all done then.
You look hundred percent now.
Do n't you wan na go to Greece?
Why?
Want what?
I'm gon na pick you up at quarter past four at the school.
Well I'll probably be there at four and I'll go in the village.
And then come home here if you've got any homework do it take a sandwich.
We've got food out there now.
We've got satay sticks.
Do n't chew that sweater please.
Eh?
You do n't need to go through your tap.
Oh yeah.
Well that's alright.
That, Tracey knows, why, who, who's got picked to help teaching.
They have n't.
Have they?
It's you the one that's been picked.
God, is that short or what?
If she bends over.
Eh?
On what?
Yeah.
Both levels?
What just in case they put you down on maths.
Did he say anything about, anything about the geography?
James?
And what about the french?
And you not had no revision for that?
You ought to, you can help each other on that.
her talk it.
She had a conversation with Jean the other day.
french, did n't you?
Jean loved it because, mind you she forgot a lot of the words did n't she?
But then she seemed in the end she she picked it up.
But she was as, we were quite surprised how much she could say.
What was that one asking if you'd got an animal?
Do you hear her?
Do you wan na swap round and have that little one?
big one.
Yeah.
Should have.
Any phone calls today?
Exams every day.
It is is n't it?
Tomorrow.
Do you think you'll be fit enough, you're fit enough to play Lee?
But by Sunday do you think you will be?
Yeah.
How can I get myself fit for Sunday?
You ca n't, it's like if I went out swimming and that on Saturday or even to ride.
Couple of swimming lessons ai n't gon na get me fit for Sunday.
I'd give him a ring tonight Lee and get, then he might have time to ge chance to get some players.
Will they?
The difference last week sit down getting up to go to Blackbushe.
Then standing out on that football pitch.
Did n't do us a lot of good did it?
Mm.
Mm.
I know what we've got ta do this week, or next week.
Your passport.
Otherwise you're not gon na get it done.
Eh?
We ca n't, you've got ta go and do it in person.
We ca n't get it.
You've got ta be there and sign.
At a local post office.
I'll phone Pete up tonight and tell him.
I do n't think he will be well enough.
He might put, cos I mean Craig's out is n't he?
He's banned now till February.
So he's got to try and get some other players has n't he?
Who?
How many?
He'll play those two instead of you and Craig.
usual things.
other ones.
It's like James, if you imagine what time do you have to get up this morning?
Quarter to two?
Your tablet.
And what was you going to sleep round there for then?
Well see how you feel.
If you, I mean if you're only going round there and you're gon na go to bed at a reasonable hour.
As long as you're not going up the village.
and hanging around the street cos then that will.
We'll have to try and get this suit organized.
What about you're, you do n't, no I suppose you do n't feel like, will you be too tired to take him down tomorrow when you finish?
Could n't he do his keep fit first?
And then you could go for a swim over, go and do his suit and you could have a swim at Guildford.
Why?
He can go in a cafe.
You wan na get your school shoes too do n't you?
Well if not you can come with me Saturday look.
If you sleep round James's I'll be going about half past nine.
otherwise you wo n't.
When?
We've got ta get this suit sorted out.
Oh what, for the shoes?
Mm.
cos I've got ta take Carla one night next week.
I promised her I would.
Mm.
It's like you say your mum'll be able to get wo n't she?
