
Press that down to make it sto stay.
Right, do you want your story then?
Yes?
Hmm?
Hmm The Spider Affair, alright?
Knock it off.
The first lesson that aft leave it alone and just forget about it hmm?
The first lesson that afternoon was mental arithmetic.
The girls groaned over this, except the quick ones like Irene who delighted in it, but it meant that there was no need for anyone to open the desk because it was all oral work.
Miss Potts was lenient with the girls for it was a very hot afternoon.
Daryl was glad that Miss Potts was not as exacting as usual for arithmetic was not her strong point especially mental arithmetic.
The next lesson to be taken my mam was to be taken by Mademoiselle Dupont.
It was to be a French conversation lesson in which the girls would endeavour to answer all Mademoiselle's simple questions in French.
Miss Potts left and Mademoiselle arrived, not quite so beaming as usual because of the heat.
She was too to enjoy the hot weather and little beads of perspiration shone on her forehead as she sat down at the big desk opposite the row of girls.
Sit down, she said and the girls sat down thankfully feeling that the only lesson they really enjoy that weather would be swimming lesson.
The lesson proceeded slowly and hauntingly, the flow of French conversation was not at all brisk on the girls ' part and the constant pauses began to irritate Mademoiselle.
Ah!
She cried at last.
It's too hot to make conversation with such stupid ones as you are this afternoon.
Get out your grammar books and I will explain a few things to you that will help your conversation if you can get them into your so stupid heads.
The girls opened their desks to get out their grammar books.
Gwendoline watched eagerly to see what would happen when Mary-Lou opened hers but nothing did happen.
Mary-Lou had neither seen the spider nor disturbed it, she shut her desk.
All the girls opened their grammar books at the page Mademoiselle commanded then Mary-Lou found she had her English grammar instead of her French one so she reopened her desk to get the right book.
What are you doing Mary-Lou?
Demanded Mademoiselle who hated desks being opened and shut too often.
What are you doing? mm?
Probably.
Mary-Lou stuffed her English grammar into the back of her desk and pulled out a French one.
The spider feeling itself dislodged by the book ran out in a fright.
It ran almost up to Mary-Lou before she saw it, she let the desk lid with a terrific bang and gave a heart rendering scream.
Everyone jumped in alarm, Mademoiselle leapt to her feet sending a pile of books clattering from her desk to the floor she glared at Mary-Lou.
what is this noise, Mary-Lou have you gone mad?
Mary-Lou could n't speak, the sight of the enormous spider apparently running straight at her had completely undone her.
She scraped her chair away from her desk and stared at it as if she expected the spider to jump through the lid.
Mary-Lou!
Thundered Mademoiselle, tell me what is the matter with you, I demand it?
Oh, Mademoiselle there's a, there's a simply enormous giant spider in my desk leave it alone, you'll just knock it off stammered Mary-Lou quite pale.
A spider!
Said Mademoiselle, and you make this fuss and call out so loudly that we all jump in fear.
Mary-Lou be ashamed of yourself.
I am angry with you, sit down.
Oh, I, I dare n't, M said Mary-Lou trembling, he might come out Mademoiselle, it's enormous.
Mademoiselle was n't quite sure whether she really believed in this spider or not.
What with Elissia's deafness last week and one thing and another.
Irene giggled, Mademoiselle fixed her with a glare.
We will see whether this spider exists or not she said firmly and I warn you Mary-Lou if this is a again a trick and there is no spider you will go to Miss Potts for punishment I wash my hands of you.
She advanced to the desk she threw open the lid dramatically Mary-Lou drew in her breath and got away as far as she could looking at the inside of her desk with scared eyes.
Honey you've moved it too far away have n't you?
I can see this is going to be a problem hmm?
I ca n't remember where I've got to now.
There is no spider to be seen it had of course retreated to the darkest corner it could find again.
Mademoiselle swept the desk with a searching glance and then turned on poor Mary-Lou.
Bad girl!
She said and stamped her foot.
You so quiet and good, you too deceive me.
The poor Mademoiselle I will not have it.
Mademoiselle do believe me, begged Mary-Lou in despair, for she could not bear to be scolded like that.
It was there an enormous one.
Mademoiselle rummaged violently among the books in the desk.
No spider not one, she said.
Tell me where has it gone, if it is still in there?
The spider was alarmed by the violent rummaging, it suddenly hurried out from its hiding place and ran onto Mademoiselle's hand and up her arm.
Mademoiselle stared at the enormous thing as if she really could not believe her eyes, she gave a shriek even louder than Mary-Lou had given.
She was too scared she wa too was scared of spiders and there was a giant specimen running over her person.
Irene exploded.
That was a signal for the class to enter into the fun and one and all scrambled over to Mademoiselle.
Ah, where is it the monster?
Girls, girls can you see it?
Wailed Mademoiselle.
It's here, said wicked Elissia, with her light finger down Mademoiselle's spine She gave a scream thinking that it was the spider running there.
Take it off I beg you Elissia, remove it from me.
I think it must have gone down your neck Mademoiselle, said Betty, which nearly made Mademoiselle have a fit.
She immediately felt sure that it was all over her and began to shiver and tremble.
Elissia tickled the back of her neck and she leapt in the air.
Oh, la la, la la, what a miserable woman I am!
Where is this monster girls, girls tell me where it is gone?
There was now a complete uproar in the first form room, Miss Potts again in the second form room was amazingly exasperated.
What could her form be doing now, had Mademoiselle left them alone, had they all gone mad?
Go on with your maps for a minute she said to the second form who were glancing at one another in astonishment as they heard the noise from the first form room.
She left the room and went rapidly to the door of the first form.
She opened it, the noise hit her like something solid, worse than breaks she thought grimly.
First she could not see any mistress there at all and thought the girls were alone and then she caught sight of Mademoiselle's head in the middle of a crowd of girls, what was happening?
Girls!
She said.
But her voice went unheard.
Girls!
Irene suddenly saw her and started to nudge everyone.
Look out, here's Potty she hissed.
The girls flowed back.
from Mademoiselle as if they were water.
In a trice everyone was by her desk.
Mademoiselle stood alone trembling wondering what was happening.
Where had the monster of a spider gone?
Mademoiselle, really, said Miss Potts, almost forgetting the rule the staff had of never finding fault with one another before the girls.
I simply can not think what has happened to this class you've ta when you've.
Mademoiselle blinked at Miss Potts.
It was a spider!
She explained, looking up and down herself.
Ah, Miss Potts, but a monster of a spider, it ran up my arm and disappeared.
Ah!
Seem to feel it everywhere.
A spider wo n't hurt you, said Miss Potts coldly and unfeelingly.
Would you like to go and recover yourself Mademoiselle.
and let me deal with the first form?
Ah no, said Mademoiselle indignantly, the class it is good, the girls they came to help me to get this monster of a spider.
Gwendoline, I think, look it's on her leg.
So big it was Miss Potts.
Miss Potts looked so disbelieving, Mademoiselle exaggerated the size of the spider and held out her hands to show Miss Potts it was at least as big as a fair sized frog.
The girls had enjoyed everything immensely.
What a French lesson!
Gwendoline had enjoyed it too, especially as she was the cause of it, though nobody knew that of course.
She sat demurely in her desk watching the two mistresses closely.
And then suddenly she felt something running up her leg she looked down it was the spider, it had left Mademoiselle a long time ago and had secreted itself under a desk afraid of all the trampling feet around.
Now, when peace seemed restored the spider wanted to seek a better hiding place.
It ran over Gwendoline's shoe, up her stocking and above her knee.
She gave a piercing scream.
everyone jumped again.
Miss Potts turned fiercely.
Gwendoline go out of the room, how dare you squeal like that.
No, do n't tell me you've seen the spider, I'm tired of the spider, I'm ashamed of you all.
Gwendoline shook herself violently not daring to scream again but.
filled with the utmost horror at the thought of the spider creeping over her.
It was the spider, she began, it Gwendoline what did I tell you, I will not hear another word of the wretched spider, said Miss Potts raising her voice angrily.
Go out of the room!
The whole class can go to bed one hour earlier tonight as punishment for this shameful behaviour.
And you Gwendoline can go two hours earlier.
Weeping, Gwendoline ran from the room.
As soon as she got outside she examined herself carefully and trembling to see if she see if the spider was still anywhere about her.
To her enormous relief she suddenly saw it running down the passage, she leant against the wall, how tiresome of that spider to come to her when it might have gone to anyone else.
Now she'd got to have a double punishment, still she would soon put it about that Elissia and Daryl had planted the spider in Mary- Lou's desk.
How sickening of Miss Potts to pounce on her like that.
She could n't help it if the spider came to her.
But perhaps, after all it was a good thing that Miss Potts had come into the room and heard it all.
Perhaps Gwendoline might even drop a hint to Miss Potts about Elissia and Daryl putting the spider in the desk.
Miss Potts came out of the room at this moment, she eyed Gwendoline with dislike.
Miss Potts the spider ran away down there, said Gwendoline pointing anxiously to anxious to get back into Miss Potts ' good books.
Miss Potts took not the slightest notice but swept into the second form classroom and the door shut.
Gwendoline felt very small.
Now what was she to do?
Stay out here or go back into the classroom, she did n't want to be found out there if by any chance Miss Graining the Head came by.
She decided to risk going back, she opened the door and sidled in.
Ha!
You are back again, and who told you to come?
Demanded Mademoiselle now ashamed of her part in the affair and ready to vent her humiliated feelings on anyone she could.
You screamed and made Miss Potts white and angry.
Amy I think.
No, it's.
got two Ts.
Well Mademoiselle you screamed, too protested Gwendoline in an injured tone, louder than I did, I should think.
Mademoiselle rose to her in her seat and for all her smallness she seemed enormous to Gwendoline just then, her beady eyes.
flashed.
Mademoiselle.
You would be rude to me, Mademoiselle Dupont, you would argue with me.
Oh dear.
A good trio are n't we?
You would argue with me who have taught here for twenty years you, you, Gwendoline turned and fled.
She would rather stand outside the door all day long than face Mademoiselle when she looked like that.
Alright, I think we'd better give up and have some breakfast.
I know but it's late this morning.

I know.
I should think you've missed that have n't you?
What?
I should think you've missed it have n't you?
Hmm, try it if you like.
You like Penny's house do you?
Right.
Is that a oh no you've got to, Amy you've got to press the standby button.
Ha.
Oh, I do n't know where the thing is.
Over by Daddy There you are it's finished.
No it's a little boy is n't it?
He's facing to Amy.
Do n't be silly, come on will you get your breakfast.
Right, er, Amy what do you want?
Play with it, stop.
Because it's polite.
I think you always yourself.
Because you do n't hear yourself in the same way as everybody else hears you.
heard you.
Well, you did n't say anything.
Probably.
tax.
Can we get some breakfast, or else we'll get nothing done today at all.
Well, get Amy's then.
Let me put a cardigan on for you.
Yes well No, it's alright we do n't need that, you can drink your orange if you like.
You could go and get yourself a knife.
You could do something useful instead of just sitting there like a.
you do that, I put it like that.
They've told her she's had three years more than what she should of had, she's living on borrowed time, but, erm, she said the ho er.
good, good support for her though she said he's erm, he's good, I've been trying to phone the Mencap place all morning, I ca n't get through I, I do n't know.
They're open.
Well we, are we going to the thing tonight?
well we'll have to, I'll have to go and erm get this dinner going because erm, we've got to leave about well we want, well we want to leave for about twenty past five then.
because erm.
cos that first acts on at ten, at six o'clock.
yeah, it might be.
but Reggie, Reggie will come in and go straight to bed, he's been up since about quarter to four.
so he'll, he'll go straight, more or less down, have his tea and go straight to bed, so I've got to go home and cook this.
Who?
I've just bought him a shoulder of lamb, a breast of lamb, well he.
to tell me some of them best, I said are there any best.
it's surprising how people talk to butchers, you know.
Who wants a biscuit?
Sit then, let me see you sit for.
good, sit, sit.
sit oh that's pretty, sit.
Mm.
She's got a good heart.
She's the same as we've all been treated at home.
I would say.
did n't have.
ca n't remember her saying.
I remember her saying.
I'll have to put my weight back on now I've stopped smoking.
Good boy, there ai n't many for you erm, cos you'll all eat biscuits till the.
Who's a good boy?
Who's a good boy?
There's a cat in your garden, there's a pussy cat in your garden oh dear I'll have to go without the swim I've only got an hour and a half.
Who?
Got to cook it though, I sha n't have time to cook it before we go out tonight, then I wo n't be going out.
no.
Renee's getting.
Well they've worked their lives round these events I suppose, I mean it's not everybody's.
these people round the horses, horsy world going they erm.
Oh god.
Oh my god, well they've estimated mine, it's fifty five pounds eighty, I checked to see the numbers on it and it's a hundred eight.
and it's on more I've used a hundred units more.
yes, mine estimated, said nine hundred and eighty's, nine, eight, six, four and we've used seven hundred and twenty units or something like that and it was fifty five pound odd, so when I checked it's, it's zero, eight, nine, seven something like that.
hundred and odd over the top, so it's gon na be doubled that.
Yes they did.
Hello,.
four twenties.
Five fifties that's two hundred and fifty.
Said ten, fifty pounds.
ten fifty pounds are five hundred if they're twenty pounds, did he mean they were ten twenty pounds or ten fifty pounds?
Oh, it's two hundred and fifty pound then.
Are you going to have er.
Erm, are you going to erm oh I've forgotten what I was gon na say.
Get him down, sort him out then.
poor old thing, get him up.
he growls at Reggie when he comes up to say ta ta in the morning, if Reggie puts his arm under him, and looks as if he's gon na move him off the bed he, he'll, he'll growl.
He wo n't growl at me but he'll grow at Reggie.
Who?
Yeah, she does.
What's up now?
Yes, she has, number one ai n't you?
Do you want tea?
Do you, do you want some tea?
Hold still sit still.
Is that all, is that all there is?
You cheater.
What, oh just loves it here right over the two of them he's a stinker, he's a stinker, he loves to be with the dogs, he loves to be with the dogs, what do you want?
Go on then.
they're only twenty P a packet.
Who?
Is she?
Was Daff pleased with that watch you got her?
Was Daff pleased with that watch that you got her?
Did she like the black face one?
Who?
Do you want tea mother?
Mm.
You men talk a lot of rubbish.
If you, if you had to make the tea as many times in the day as us women did which they all did.
Twice a week.
That's what John said last night, we er, all they, all went to bingo five of us went and it boomeranged well if you're going I'll come, if I'm going you're going I'm going and the next thing poor old John had to go out and work look after about eleven kids.
we enjoyed walking home, I thought he'd gone a bingo, that's funny were n't you going home baby sitting.
Ca n't remember you saying you were gon na baby sit.
Benji buttons, he's spoilt.
cos they're going.
Who would like a little bikkie?
Do you want a, do you want a digestive or any digestive?
Who?
Do n't be silly.
do n't be silly he loves his dinner at night, do n't you darling?
He had.
when I got in last night.
Poor little devil he's got ta feed.
Gordon Bennett.
Er, you had a jelly baby.
Come on, come on up, ooh did n't think you could come, do what?
do you want a jelly baby?
Leave him, he was going.
Who's that?, who's that?
Terrible.
Putting out a.
for you.
we're putting out a.
for you, we'll make you feel all.
Here are there's some.
bingo tickets there for you with a.
You have n't, when did you go?
You never.
you pair of tinkers.
Ooh.
Did you have a win?
Free entry.
perhaps I did.
Yeah.
When you went to get the.
Yeah, lovely, ai n't it a lovely club, two people.
We went, we nearly rang you last night, we went to see the Batchelors last night.
At, at the ca, at the gala at Wellingborough and it was their opening night, there was a band on called Me and Him.
and they did all sing along stuff and Chas and Dave stuff.
and then the Batchelors come on.
just erm Deck, Don and erm Con and Deck.
but erm, and we had a lovely night did n't we?
Some woman called the Bogey and they called her, they said to her, will this Mrs come up we want, we want to sing it's her.
Poor devil, they got her on the stage and they said you know, when they.
tonight she said I'm called a Bogey, so he said.
oh have you, so he said well when you call a Bogey he said you get this so he, he give her a big pink elephant I think.
tortoise thing with a lid on then he opened it and filled it with.
She says, I have n't got to drink that have I?
She said oh yeah.
so of course he had a last slurp of and he spit it all over everywhere.
and erm, and then every time the poor women went to get off stage he says oh Joan you ca n't go, come here, let's, he said we ca n't just give you that so he, he called her back and they bought give her a rabbit.
give her a rabbit.
then he give her a, a, a chocolate easter egg, then he give her a bunny.
well.
then he give her a bottle of champa.
back, yeah, and he give her a bottle of champagne then he called her.
yeah, just the first one in their new opening cos it.
then we had the girls called Blue Flames did n't we?
Yeah, then we had the Blue Flames, the young girls who does the pom pom dancing and er.
what's his name off the radio erm, the, the famous singer.
no erm,.
No.
its on, on Northampton going gold records on the morn.
on Saturday morning, erm.
oh, what's his name er.
he used to be a singer.
Yeah Northampton radio, yeah, so er we went at half past five, we did n't get home till half past ten.
lovely evening were n't it?
It is a long way, yeah, yeah, but still, I mean if you do n't have a win for a few weeks then you have a hundred pound it's ha.
Ooh.
well bugger me, who?
Yes.
Said she'd.
she'd never seen it so busy though.
no every night now, every nights are getting busy now cos the.
Sunday night's nearly a, nearly as good.
Yeah.
It's a lovely club though innit?
Everything, I mean if you go in the afternoon and you go early you can have a lovely dinner for fifty P.
Oh did she?
Oh does she?
Jack.
Oh is she?
Oh, oh.
Oh.
so you went did you?
Oh yeah.
and you could go Sunday and have a beer.
yeah, yeah.
I know.
Yeah we enjoy it but it's just such a long drive.
Going where?
Oh.
Are you?
Ely, Cambridgeshire?
They phoned me from Mencap again this morning to see if I had any, had any lifting experience.
mm.
Well I think it's just a matter of erm getting, getting in.
Oh they, on the last interview I went to they said you no need to have had experience.
we do n't necessarily need you to have had it experience.
Yeah well.
Ah, but I mean you do you ai n't gon na get the experience, I phoned this job line that's been advertised on the telly this week and erm it's like second chance, you can go and have erm experience, get experience.
This is the eighteenth, twenty eight, twenty nine, thirty, thirty three, thirty seven, yeah, forty two.
Do they?
yeah, Thursday morning, is it.
a certain morning, is it Thursday?
Mm, you'll wan na listen Thursday mornings.
Oh yeah.
we have got that in Jersey.
or somebody's looking for this or somebody's looking for that.
Oh yeah.
No I'm fed up and I've got to have a new board, electrical board.
nine, nine, nine.
three cards.
that's what I've been waiting for that ten, ten do it again.
that.
did you know?
That seeing you, asked us to go over ever so many time and I thought.
well damn me, we will go this time.
It was like a five star hotel.
yeah well.
That's two lines all the way do n't they?
Mm.
I mean the afternoon's good, cos the play, pay good money in the afternoon as well.
about a hundred and eighty pound innit?
that's two lines as well, I mean if, if you only have a tenner it pays for your afternoon out.
it's just a long drive over there.
Mm.
It's no dearer than going to the Ritz, it's just the journey.
Six, twelve, three, this is, is nice if you can get out there, John's deal.
Yeah we had, we had.
Sixty P.
you have a soup and then you have erm.
what we had a nice, a nice thick slice of.
a nice thick slice of corn beef, carrots, cabbage and mash potatoes all in scoop full you know.
and gravy, then if you want spotted dick and er.
coffee and that to follow.
but erm, I mean you can get everything there on Sunday you've really no need to cook, cook at all, I mean you could go over there and have a meal for about two pounds fifty.
oh no.
it's all computerised, it's lovely, I love it.
Oh yeah, mm.
yeah.
There's all microphones in the roofs as well over there.
in the ceiling.
they have a cabaret every Saturday night.
do n't know who's on this week, the Baron Knights were on a fortnight ago were n't they?
Is it?
Hardly worth going then.
oh.
Yeah I like him, mm you do n't pay nothing, we paid seventy P to see the Batchelors but it was you in, in, you know, your in.
ad admission ticket.
I mean you pay seventy P to go in anyway.
then we had a glass of champagne, no a glass of sherry when we went in.
and we had erm, and we had er a bottle of champagne on the table the Isle of plonk, you know, gala champagne.
You know the corner, you know where the police station is in Wellingborough?
You go down to the, that's right.
yeah.
Yeah, but I still.
Mm.
I'd go day and night, I love it.
getting left behind mate.
Who's laying on my feet, you're lovely and warm Ziggy, Ziggy, Ziggy.
You've got to make something of their little lives ai n't you?
Only she's been out in the garden nearly all morning.
Did she?
She did.
Mm.
get it in again.

Oh.
oh fun innit?
I've still packed up smoking.
I ai n't had one since Sunday night.
I said to mum I think.
off when we went bingo and I was smoking John started coughing and you think it's got to be these fags cos you do n't normally cough.
and he politely said no it ai n't, so, but.
Yeah, love.
Yeah.
Ooh John, you'll want that one, worse than that our kid.
Here.
fifteen, twenty four.
sacrifice.
what he got?
Steve.
he's sold it.
Ivy.
He's got it and sold it.
he's took it and sold it, yeah.
Robert's took Wendy's car and sold it, he pinched it Sunday afternoon.
I have n't seen her since Monday.
Well it's ju I feel.
awful now.
dear oh dear, and she said to me well they can get these crook locks, they've only got to a, they've only got to bend the steering wheel, I said will.
you give them another ten minutes they've got to make some banging to knock it round.
She's, she just, it complacent you see, you've got ta you got to.
Yeah.
I know, that's what I said, that's what we all said.
well.
funny side, I can see him getting away with it.
Yeah.
He did.
Yeah.
yeah, you know he's got to have somebody behind him, cos he ai n't man enough to do it on his own though.
You're carrying the pan of three.
at the minute.
Yeah, they done really well.
Ca n't stand Ian Botham.
No I hate him.
no I hate him.
Yeah, but I think all the things they said about him were true, I hate the man I do.
That's a lie.
Yes I did.
Yeah, luckily enough she's just been able enough to do her own thing ai n't she?
Oh dear, I do n't know what to chuck here Con.
have an eight.
Something, ten.
here.
Mm, ai n't here much at all.
I got up at eight this morning when Rudy went and put all them towels out and erm, when I got up at ten it, they were all dry.
yeah so did I.
What?
No I do n't blame you.
Twelve years today is it?
Good grief.
mm.
No.
Ca n't you remember when he died granddad?
Sixty six?
That's twenty six years ago.
the year I met Rudy.
better take the dog out.
last card innit?
Ooh, ooh.
ah, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Better than nothing.
You soon gobbled that up.
Have you tried them chips?
You should.
Are you alright John?
Shall I do it?
Oh well you're a good stirrer.
We'll let you do the stirring.
Where's dads?
Eh?
That's mine.
Which is Ivy's?
Just have want anything with this.

Feel as stiff as a board.
Oh.
No thanks.
Yeah you could.
Ken.

Yeah.
Yeah.
Mm, no.
How could I?
You had n't cut it you soft sod.
Oh my god.
I did.
Your go.
No.

Oh look!
Who's here?
Mm.
He's.
Have you got an'and.
Got ta be lucky at something ai n't you Ive?
They can be lucky in lo love.
You've got ta have something out of bloody life.
Mhm.
Here you are.
Hey.
Where you going?

Eighteen twenty eight thirty thirty eight, forty five.
I got both of your twos of diamonds.
it's your deal.
Pay up and shut up.
Put up or shut up.
Where's my bubby?

Unlucky I would have said.
Yeah.
Oh, I have got some doubles again.
God.
That's a double and that's a double and that's a double.
You have!
Oh I've got a few more you'll like yet.
Bubby Benjy Benjy, wan na bikky?
Where is he?
Benjy.
Come here.
Hang on.
Hang on Sloopy Sloopy hang on.
Oh come on.
Play the white man.
I've just took me blooming jacks.
make.
Here you are then.
Benj.
Benjy.
Benjy.
Here you are.
Eh!
Mm!
Here you are.
Oh.
Some folks get all the luck.
You'd better lay it sensibly now.
Else you'll be in real trouble.
Oh.
Ah!
Oh you wicked sod.
Two three four six seven.
I ai n't got nothing.
Hang on hang on hang on.
Ten jack queen five six seven eight nine.
Six seven eight.
Here you are.
Fifty eight.
Here you are.
Oh dear me.
Sixty eight seventy eighty eight.
Sixty eight seventy eighty eight ninety eight.
Hundred and two three forty four John out.
Ivy, got yours.
And it's who's deal?
Who won?
Getting ready for his dinner this time of night.
Have I gone silly?
Oh no.
Mm.
I know.
Why?!
Mhm.
We seem to live on tea and more tea until the next cup of tea comes round do n't we?

Oh dear oh dear oh dear.
There were no need for that.
You must have something, surely.
I'd like that, but it's no good to me.
What's that?
Hang on I've had a I've had a fitter there.
I'd better, I'd better put that that down as that.
Nine then.
jack.
No what have I got?
What have I got?
Yeah I've got a jack under there.
That's right.
That's right, and three kings.
Now I've got nine and eight.
And then out.
Who's that sneezing?
A bloody three before I forget it.
Hello!
Hello Benjy.
Yeah.
Yeah you're right.
She'll be sightseeing again.
Aha.
Do n't you want the other one?
Did you?
Oh I thought you'd get it.
I had the other one.
Hundred and four.
Twelve?
Six fifty six.
So fifty eight sixty eight seventy four.
Johnny?
No, out.
Yeah, your deal.
These chairs are hard.
Oy.
We ai n't had much lately at bingo have we?
My mate goes five times a week and she ai n't had nothing for over twelve months.
Nearly hundred pound a week she spends on it.
Mm.
That's rubbish.
I tell you what, they ought to hang the bloke that dealt these.
She's been going for that ra is it radium?
Mm.
Yeah.
She's on morphine anyway.
They told, Diane told me the other night though, she's had three years that she should n't have had.
She's been living on borrowed time for a long while.
Straight on the bed.
Rudy was shattered, he'd been up f since four the morning before.
I do n't know how he keeps going you know.
Got a lot of erm he's got a lot of er erm energy.
Mm.
Two three four five six.
Mm.
Oh yeah he's.
Oh yeah.
Mhm.
England's last hope just gone.
Mm.
we sha n't get them out now.
Unless I get a joker.
Snap.
No good getting down now I'm only out er got hundred and four.
Might as well go out big might n't we?
Do you?
Well I think I'd better do n't want none of these burpers so might as well get rid of them.
Oh yeah.
Ooh three two jokers.
That gives me eight.
That's a fitter and that's a fitter so I might as well.
What?
Say they'll learn something from this lot.
I know.
I ai n't seen any of these.
Oh that'd be better.
te te te Eight.
Three.

Yeah.
No I just suddenly thought.
Mm.
Blooming aces.
There was a method in my madness.
No, but that one does.
Seven.
and a five.
Two?
Hundred and one.
Is it?
Or John's?
Did you deal that.
rubbish, yes.
Did you see that chap playing Misty this morning on the piano?
Played it lovely.
Mm.
Well I work while it's on.
If I put me country and western records on I just done and dance with the dog all morning.
I do n't do nothing.
He goes.
I swing him round, his head goes.
I say dance with mum.
Poor little devil.
I drag him round.
On the light programme?
Which one's that?
Er it's what's his name?
Yeah.
B B C two.
Fourteen.
Just take the top one off.
Thirteen.
Come on Dolly, do your dealing.
Oh you sound like N N Norman Wisdom.
Sounded just like Norman Wisdom.
Norman Collier?
Who's that?
Yeah.
Is he, is.
He he's a spastic though is n't he?
I think one of them's in a wheelchair.

Yeah I'm sure he's erm.
spastic.
I saw a wheelchair there one day and I know.
they were saying they were gon na introduce spastic people.
into the club.
I know one night that we were there and it said Mr is upstairs.
and I thought they were gon na say beam them up Scottie.
Then all of a sudden the whole fire alarm went ee oo ee oo ee oo.
all the way round the room.
You'd never heard nothing And everyone.
run to a different door.
Yeah I'm gon na have, sod it I'm.
Oh, you can have that one.
What else do you want in love?
Que.
Thought we might see Pam today.
She finishes work at half past er twelve on a Friday.
She's always working.
Pam do n't stop working.

I'm gon na put that one on to see if I can get me score down.
Well that's a shame is n't it?
Do n't care.
Seventeen.
Two hundred and twenty one.
Thirteen?
Hundred and fifteen.
John out.
Oh fifteen, twenty five, thirty four, forty one, forty seven, fifty, fifty six, sixty six.
ninety eight.
Think you're gone.
Two eights are sixteen.
Yeah, you're gone.
Just.
You're in it with me.
Hundred and twenty one.
Hundred and fifteen, hundred and one.
Who won?
What for?
If I'm in?
Who?

Oh!
Bless you.
Jeez!
That's no good.
Oh I do n't know, if that one come up it would be, oh it's not now.
We had a lovely singsong last night, did n't we mum?
Erm me and mum and er just me and mother.
Mother!
Do with that one bad.
Oh I ca n't sling that now, then I'd have two John.
She always slings my card just at the wrong time.
I might as well pack this hand up.
You're slinging all my cards.
Well I ai n't.
She's slinging everything I wa want and ca n't get nothing.
Picked it up.
Well you're just bloody lucky.
Got nothing.
And that's no good now.
That's.
Wondering what to chuck you John.
There you are, how about that one?
Is it?
Oh I've just got three.
That do n't fit.
That do n't fit.
I've just got nothing.
Me neither John.
Me neither.
All my cards are gone.
I shall die with these in me hand.
Well!
Three twenties.
I think they're both gone but I'm not too sure.
Oh that's that king.
I ca n't remember whether this one's gone.
No.
That do n't make no difference.
Seven.
I've you all up and.
Ah!
That's the one I wanted.
I know.
No.
I've got three nines.
That's all I've got.
I've got nothing else look.
They're gone.
I think they're both gone.
I think you slung them both.
They'll have to wait for us to get out.
Do you?
I've just split me sevens up and bloody seven come.
That's a that's a fitter.
Do n't know why I'm bothering.
Well.
Nine ten jack.
Nine ten king.
None of them fit.
None of them fit.
I do n't I do n't believe this.
Well I took three sevens out.
I thought well I'll sling me sevens out, keep me sixes.
Yeah they're all following each other round.
What do you want John?
I'll try and help you.

Well.
I do n't know what I'll get on.
I dunno whether I'm gon na make a hand out of.
I ca n't believe it.
going over we stand a chance.
Hey that's that king there.
Come on, get him in.
I know.
I'm a bit li I'm like that at the minute.
Oh I do n't believe it.
Oh I do n't believe here they come John.
Oh here they come.
Have you got one?
Oh my god.
They'll have to let us down in a minute.
Six seven eight I've got ta do it that, like that.
Cos I've got that king in case John'll pick it up.
Three on there.
I expect it's a waste of time though.
Wonder why I bothered.
Do you want this one?
Oh I'll sling in that one.
Spade.
Have n't I got it?
Yeah th but they're all and I've got nothing to help you John.
No.
Ah! thank god for that.

Two?
Hundred and seventeen.
Mother?
You're out.
Eighteen, twenty one, thirty one, thirty nine.
No, no.
No.
Yeah you did.
I think you did.
Right, hundred and thirty nine John.
Two hundred and seventeen.
Hundred and twenty one.
And I'm hundred and thirty nine.
Who won?
I had a load of rubbish and all.
You you could n't think.
you could possibly go all that way and not pick a hand up that would make you something.
I was splitting my hand up in the end cos they were gone.
And I could n't get out cos I had n't got a hand.
Oh yeah.
Oh well I I think I'm gon na get a long way.
That's the first four.
I do n't think I dare look any further.
Oh I've got another one now!
I.
Aye said the fly.
I said cos I shall phone the bank first thing Monday and I shall say right, he's took the car so you can run to him for the money cos you'll be getting none out of me.
Then I had a letter from the social security.
They've been paying me thirty nine pound sixty have n't they?
And I've been, been to fifty five pound seventy five every week.
Yeah.
So I think.
Well they're on about backdating it to the third.
But if I write back and say I have n't actually had any wages since the seventeenth of January I might get it backdated from then.
What's that?
Did mum tell you we went to see the Bachelors last night?
Had a good night did n't we?
Sherry and champers.
Wonder we were n't er legless.
Yeah.
I had some chips that's why I was.
A lady come up yesterday to see if I would do it.
It's for that.
And that's.
Seven days.
So.
What are you fighting for now, mm?
Stop it!

It's all day and all night though.
Ridiculous.
Allergic?
Yeah my hand!
The normal.
What I always wash him in.
Mm.
He ca n't be hungry.
Perhaps he wants a drink now.
A bed bath?
Why?

You cheeky devil!
be a good'un.
Yeah it's erm it's just such a long drawn out palaver they're getting, you know?
Oh yeah she's having her wall knocked down.
Is.
is is Kev doing it?
So who's going who's going tonight?
Erm David?
And Lydia up are they?
Joey and Michelle are Joey and erm what's her name are going to Germany ai n't they for four years?
What's, what's Joe's last name?
Yeah.
Do n't you?
Kimmy and Kimmy found a ferret down the field yesterday.
His own ferret.
went missing for about four hours and when it eventually bolted out this hole it run straight up him and curled up to him.
And he could n't make out why cos he's quite vicious, his ferret.
He's got some new ferreting land and erm and when he went to put him in his box there was a ferret already in it but it's absolutely infested with these sheep tics.
So they've had to sit and pull.
pull them all off.
Who's that?
Who is it?
Hello!
What are you doing here?
Hey look who's here.
How are you diddling?
What's the matter?
You do n't know who this is do you?
What's the matter?
me back's bad.
Your back's bad?
Yeah.
Why did n't you ring me and let me know you were coming?
We was n't.
Did you feel fed up?
Well I would n't, I would n't have come like this would I if er.
You're alright.
You're better than me.
I would n't have come out like this though would I?
Do you know this is my daughter, you've never met Tracy before have you?
Oh have you?
Did she have long.
hair last time we came over?
Probably.
Do you remember George and Viv?
?
George is the drummer.
No.
I do n't remember.
you seeing them.
I do n't remember you meeting her.
meeting her.

I'm going horseracing.
If you'd have let me know I could have.
Well we're not stopping.
Ai n't you?
No.
Well you're not going surely?
Well we're not stopping but we're not going anywhere.
Rudy ai n't going nowhere and.
are we going?
I said yeah.
What have we got?
A little boy or a little girl?
You look well anyway.
Ooh are n't you beautiful?
Are n't you beautiful?
How old?
Oh there you are.
Viv'll have him.
Ooh I'll take him.
I know she will.
Yeah I'll take him.
That's our new arrival.
We had him, what is he, three weeks old?
Four weeks on Wednesday.
Mm.
That's her last caesarian.
Look at him, his wi eyes are wide open.
You're just nosy Tyler.
Tyler.
Mm.
You know, you're.
How is it you, you've kept your weight down then Viv?
I have n't, I've put it back on love.
You have n't.
I have.
Not all of it.
Well not all of it.
But I've put it back quite.
I wondered where you'd got, we did ring one night couple of weeks ago but we did n't get an answer and I said well I did n't know whether you'd perhaps popped up the club.
It were a Saturday night cos I was in.
I probably be working.
I've packed in work now you see.
What, totally?
Mm.
Why?
Taking too much out of me.
Was it?
Oh.
You're beautiful.
You going back to our mummy now?
Going back to our mummy?
You can tell.
So how's all your kids?
Are they all alright?
Oh they're all fine, aye.
Sit down.
Can you manage on that settee?
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Have you seen my new arrival?
He's gorgeous.
This one.
That's what we rang you to tell you, we've got a new dog.
This is the one that I wanted.
Yes, you want your tummy rubbing do n't you?
Yes.
I've been out of work six months.
Have you?
Yeah.
Now you look better I'll tell you that.
Yeah I'm alright.
I'm.
Alright love, yeah.
Take that hat with him.
Oh and that's for the kids.
Pam's got another outfit for, for the other one.
She picked the two up.
I, she should have picked the one up and I but.
Okay.
Do you want this cottonwool look?
You're not gon na use it?
Nothing to say it is that.
See you later.
Let me open the door for you.

Are you alright then?
See you later then.
Ta ta.
See you later.
Ta ta.
Bye.
Be good.
Ooh Benjy bubbles.
Oh it's great to see you.
I'm glad you've come.
Might just have been the.
What?
Just as I said they just phoned, Kenny just phoned and said are you coming horseracing?
I said yeah, well there's nothing else to do.
I get fed up with bloody cards, so erm I said we'll go.
It's only up the road.
It's only in the local flats, you know flat.
But they always come.
they always come just just as I'm getting on and getting well luckily enough I got me me lounge done first thing this morning.
So what's been going on?
Nothing?
Everything?
Nothing?

No?
Nothing's changed?
Have you?
You're lucky.
Mm.
I've been out of work six months.

No in actual fact we were only saying the other day that, you know, sugar Viv?
No thanks.
George?
Do you want some Viv, before I go?
No.
Bit of toast or something?
No you're alright love.
Georgie?
Shall I do you poached egg on toast or something?
Come on.
Just before I go.
No.
You get yourself off.
I'm not going till oneish.
No these are what I promised er promised Joy.
What are they?
Weightwatcher's diets.
Well have you decided you're not gon na do anything about it?
I think it's just a matter of losing the.
Yeah.
No I might er might decide to do something about it if I get the inspiration.
I'm just getting now because erm erm I've been for an aud not an audition.
Wrong word.
I've been for an interview with Mencap.
And erm I did n't get the actual job I went for but they put me on the, on the relief register so that I go round to different people's homes or different big hospitals and different Mencap homes relieving people when they're on holiday or if they're short of staff or something like that.
So.
Yeah.
erm so er I'm waiting to hear, so that I'm getting irritable at the minute cos A the money is going and B being out of work, being here all day.
It's sending me crackers.
I'm used to working day and night.
I mean it's very hard to do neither.
Who does?
I'll beans him.
Is he eating them beans?
He's ever so, ever such a devil to please.
Are n't you?
So did it work, your Weightwatchers?
I got down to ten stone.
Did you?
You've kept a lot of it off though.
Well.
What have you gone back up to now, eleven?
Eleven.
But I got down to ten stone.
And but the reason that I got up to ten stone is because christmas.
And any I stopped going to Weightwatchers.
I'm eleven one now.
But to go down to ten, that's good.
It is keeping it off though, is n't it?
Once you.
Yeah.
once you've erm got it off you've got ta keep it off.
That is the art in doing it.
What are you doing in here?
I do n't think he'll eat them Rude.
Benjy bobs.
There you are Joy.
What's that?
when I first went to Weightwatchers.
And I got to ten seven on that.
and then I stopped going.
And then I rejoined.

And I got I was.
I got down to ten.
And so.
Were you disappointed when you put it back on?
Yeah.
But, having said all that.
It would n't be so bad if.
I'm not eating meals, I'm eating.
Snacks.
snacks.
And I'm.
And they're all starch, they're all potatoes and I'll have egg and chips and bread and more bread.
I very rarely sit down and have a meal now.
No.
And that's erm but it is good.
And I would er I would.
Anyway, you can have them.
And they're the daily diets are they?
Yeah.
Do you have to buy?
No.
Orange juice, eggs, bread.
Yeah.
Low fat cheese.
Hard cheese.
I've just had me friends down from er.
from Jersey.
Have you?
I've got Adrian.
What?
Yeah.
Oh, good.
And is he alright now?
Is he still behaving?
That's er Adrian?
Yeah.

How's erm it's Craig innit?
Is Craig still alright?
No, we've had a lot of trouble with him.
Oh have you?
He got in with the wrong crowd up at.
but he's learnt.
Is he?
He's learnt it the hard way now and he's.
And er well.
Oh, good.
any more?
Oh we've had traumas of every descriptions.
Mm.
Since August.
Me sister's husband's buggered off.
Oh.
and er.
Which one?
Wendy.
The one we went to Spain with.
You know we went to.
The one with the parrot?
Yes.
he's on drugs fourteen years of.
So we've had hell and high water with.
Er Tracy?
My mate Val in Jersey, she's been ever so ill.
She's got.
Oh yeah.
that cuts that he can see every side of your.
Body.
of your body.
Yeah.
And then it cuts it every bit down into cent ce cent cent centimetres you know?
And it erm he can see.
exactly where the damage is laying.
Oh.
Quick and easy recipe book.
It's a twelve week.
Are you with me?
Yeah.
So ideally if you looked at that come to that.
If you worked it out start in week twelve.
Erm and then if you that's got to last you all day through.
Yeah.
Say you did n't use your.

And that's how you know whether you're or not.
But you've also got your option of calories.
Right?
Which you are allowed.
Er fourteen to twenty one.
That's what it is.
It's fourteen to twenty one.
What's that.
Eh?
Opt er optional calories.
Well there ai n't much that'd be fourteen to twenty, twenty calories is there?
No.
You've got fourteen er fourteen options.
You need to be a mathematician to sort this bugger out.
You do n't really.
Thing is to do.
it's quite easy actually.
This is a job if I do n't lose it, feeding my dog beans one at a time.
Wo n't it bubby?
And you're.
And your optional calories is nought to seven hundred.
That.
That's just in case.
He's here.
That's the book.
Oh yeah we lost our Judy.
Did you?
Yeah.
They do.
That is the only thing.
So there's that one you can choose from.
over there they're just doing microwave cooking you know.
Do n't like meat done in the microwave, do you?
No, I do n't.
I do n't mind chicken.
I'll leave you them.
and then I can put these together, but that one that one.
I suppose basically it's a matter of getting.
That's right.
What.

you can have in a week or a day.
I find that is easier for me.
It's a shame.
If I'd have known you were coming I would n't have booked going out.
Oh get yourself off.
If I do n't do something with me life I spend my life sitting here all day.
stop this dog of mine scratching all the while.
I shall brush it and you wo n't like it Ben.
I've just give you one good brush have n't I?
Is that the only daughter you've got?
Yes.
Yes we had seen her.
Have you?
Yeah because you fetched kiddies up, did n't she?
She's just up me photo of the kids look.
That's them.
Yeah.
I think he's just probably losing his winter coat.
that lovely ni nice warm day we had.
Ooh I spend a lifetime running around after my baby.
He's really made my life different, this little dog.
I love him.
We love him.
He's absolutely spoilt.
Worse than any kid.
Are n't you?
Eh?
Yes I think Adrian will be.
It's a pity you do n't feel like standing up and racing cos it's lovely.
Yeah.
It'd be a bit hectic for you though cos it'll be, yeah it's cold but it's uneven ground and that's.
Oh.
You w you're not do you?
. See the thing is he's gon na run us up.
It's only just Newton Bromswell which is just up the road.
But you see if you take a car it's eight pound to park a car.
Ooh!
But if you go in, if you walk in it's free but you, you ca n't walk there because it's well you're talking about five mile out into the country.
And although we're not so far from here cos we're this is Newton Road and the next town on er village on is Newton Bromswell.
But you see if you're coming from Hyam you've got to come all the way through Chilveston and that way.
and erm cos then Pam ph Penny phoned and said shall, it's her who's the horsy fanatic but it's lovely.
Yeah we just go and have a pound on the nose you know and er.
there's about ten ten runners.
They only do it once a year on the flat.
er Thursday night erm we went to the gala at the new gala club.
You know Connells ' all been took over by Gala?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And erm they had their opening, big opening night Thursday so he was, he was out, he was up at half past four that morning so I thought well we might as well go.
So I rang mum at four o'clock.
I said do you fancy going out tonight cos it's The Bachelors who opened it.
Ooh that's alright then is n't it?
So erm so went about half past five.
We got there for about ten to six.
They had a band called Me and Him on.
They done all Chas and Dave.

Me and Him.
Me and Him.
Chas Chas and Dave stuff and Roll Out the Barrel and all the rubbish you know?
Oh I bet that were great were n't it?
Yeah.
It were.
Yeah.
Then we had the local girls that do all this erm balls and.

and twist er you know like the ra ra girls.
Yeah.
And then er as I say The Bachelors come on at seven until eight.
They were rea they were they were good.
I mean.
Yeah.
Yeah.
not particularly my cup of tea but mum enjoyed them and they got everybody going and and then we had a good game of bingo.
We had a sherry when we went in and erm bottle of champers on the table and balloons and.
Ooh.
Tell you what she's living it up more now than she did before!
Well, you have to make something.
But they've got, we've got a new club here called The Beacon.
It's at Northampton.
And it's massive.
It's an ex-Tesco's warehouse.
Mm.
It's absolutely massive.
But every night they have every Saturday night they have a cabaret on and tonight it's Renee and Renata.
Ooh!
Yeah.
Last week it were the Barron Knights.
Oh I would n't have.
Yeah.
minded seeing Barron Knights.
It's, I mean it's all free.
It's for the end of your night, your cabaret.
And the houses are a thousand pounds each.
so I mean.
Ooh!
Yeah.
Yeah, so I mean if you have a win yeah, and a woman that sat on the next table to me.
Touching my shoulder she said to me I want all the ones, all the ones.
I said go on, you'll get it you'll get it.
And I looked up and said it's here!
And she laughed and she said here here here she went like this and I shou shouted as well.
Mum said good job you shouted, they would n't have heard her.
I mean she must have been in her seventies.
But we, we got it and she.
she had a thousand pound.
It were nice.
Oh it is, it is nice is n't it?
I mean it's just a matter of you know, being able to afford to go and.
Yeah.
And keep it going.
I mean I used to love me bingo.
I mean once upon a time nothing was, but I've spent two and a half thousand pound if not more since I've been off work.
Yeah.
You know, the dole do n't keep us.
Well no.
I mean it's.
There's no way I mean.
No.
you ca n't live on the dole.
Not when you buy like I buy.
No.
I mean your joint of meat costs you a fiver do n't it?
Course it does.
So I mean we're.
And the rest sometimes.
I went.
Well.
I went down town yesterday and got some braising steak and it cost me five pounds sixty.
I know.
It's crazy.
And that's just for three of them.
I mean I, four of them.
I do n't eat it you see.
That's without your and that's without your bits to go with it, your veg.
That's right yeah.
And then cooking it.
I mean.
I know.
gas and electric's expensive now is n't it?
I know.
And I keep thinking to myself well something will come along, something'll happen, but I I think what it is there is no jobs round here at the moment.
I think what it is is that I feel if I go into something for the sake of going into it to earn money I shall be absolutely bored with me life.
I f I shall feel as if we've been from here cos when I was first married we lived up round the next road.
And I shall feel as if I've got up, been round the world.
and come back to, to where I were twenty six year ago and.
Yeah.
I do n't want that.
I've got to.
No.
have a purpose to go out to work.
I mean most people go out to work to earn money.
Yeah.
I mean I went out because I mean.
The house does get boring.
I I got really really fed up.
Erm I mean I were working.

at library.
I mean that were no problem.
But then when I left library I just got fed up and I went and went down to help Sue did n't I?
And I thoroughly enjoyed it.
Yeah.
It's meeting the people.
But now she's left and she's had a baby and I carried on because he wanted it, the the new landlord wanted me to to stop on and help out.
Oh my giddy aunt.
And I would go in and I I never said nothing to him at first did I? but I just could n't take it any more.
Mm.
And it was either thinking about the wage packet at end of week which I was at first.
And then I were coming home and I were, I were really awful.
And I thought why should I?
And then on Thursday I went in to work and I had had enough.
And I come home and I says to him, I'm not having this no more.
I said no,.
Mm.
He says well if you want to pack it in love.
Bless you.
pack in.
And I did and to be quite honest, I mean it was n't the money really when you think about it because at end of day, forty six pound he were spending in pub anyway.
So I were working for nothing really.
Yeah.
but he he were getting cos you were going out and having a drink er on er Tuesdays Thursdays Saturdays and Sundays.
Whereas now, I mean we do n't go.
You do n't go.
No.
And well I, we even considered me and my sister even considered going back into driving instruction.
We went to a seminar.
a fortnight ago.
It's stupid, I mean I've been a driving instructor seventeen year, and I'm not allowed to teach over here.
No, I've got to take it all again.
You're talking about sixteen, seventeen hundred pound to get you through.
Yeah.
But you see with this bank thing with the government, you can have a loan I think it's up to about four thousand pound like a restart.
And it's a free loan for fifteen months.
Mm.
And then on the sixteenth month you've got ta pay it back.
However you decide to, by instalments or by.
one, one big lump.
Mm.
But at the end of the day, it ai n't really what I want to do.
I mean I, I want to get into mental health care.
Mm.
And and erm if I I'm hoping I'll like it when I get in there, but something tells me I would.
Well as I say I went for this interview and she phoned me last Sunday did n't she?
I went on the Monday for the, to the house.
Then on the Tuesday I went to the hospital.
And erm she phoned me up on the Sunday.
She said I'm I'm just ringing to tell you Joy that you did n't get you you have n't been successful with your application this time.
But she said erm I wan na just tell you all the others that have n't made it, we've just said well I'm sorry.
That's it.
But, with you, we feel you've got so much to offer and we do n't really wan na just say no and and and it would make you feel oh blow it I'm not gon na do it.
Mm.
She said I feel that there is a place for you in the health, in this mental health service.
But she said what it is is basically we're all just starting from the bottom because this new idea of where they're buying small homes and making them small communities.
Yeah.
erm they're all starting from new.
They're all been institutionalized up till recently.
That's right yeah.
So they're gradually buying houses in certain areas.
And she said I'm sure you'll get in.
But you see it's like everything else, we're in a recession.
You, you go for a job and there's two hundred people going for that one job.
That's right, yeah.
There's three hundred and eighty went for a job up the Hilly Home Where they have the spastic kids.
Yeah.
Imagine, for one post!
Yeah.
I mean Kerry's doing caring you know?
And she.
Is she?
Yeah she's a carer.
What the old people?
Old people and er and handicapped kids.
Erm she's teaching erm she's teaching handicapped now at er Hilltop School.
Er seven to eleven I think it is.
Erm but they are not the really really disabled kids.
No.
They're, they are the the mental ones.
Yeah.
Erm.
Cos they're mentally sick or mentally handicapped?
Er me men yeah mentally retarded.
They just need a little help like with feeding or or if they throw a tantrum.
Yeah mentally handicapped more than mentally sick.
You see the ones I wanted.
Yeah.
to do.
I wanted to work with people that had had er severe depression.
Ex alcoholics, schizophrenics.
Aye.
Where you do n't do anything like that.
You just work on a plan where that i at the er at the beginning of the day you're, you're given your people to watch.
So every mortal thing that person does you note.
Like if he does n't wash, you do n't wash them.
You note that they have n't done it.
Yeah.
And then you see you come along where you're pushing them to live on their own and you make suggestions.
That's right yeah.
And erm I went to a place in and that's what I wanted to do.
But you see they ai n't got no places here.
No.
Erm and it's a shame.
I mean Mencap are all men.
It is really is n't it?
I mean there's there's more people now.
When you've got so much to offer.
Yeah.
There's more people like that nowadays is n't there, than?
Mm.
I think there's gon na be more and more.
Because at one time th I mean you never saw them because they were pushed away in in these.
That's right.
great big hospitals and forgotten about.
Whereas now.
That's right.
th they're coming out into community so you're seeing more of them.
Oh yeah.
And th th there's more but I mean the facilities for them is there?
Well you see and I've also put in for a job for the the marina at Northampton which is another mental home.
But that's for a mobility assistant where I go in and befriend somebody and they employ me to take them somewhere for two hours.
Whether it be.
Yeah.
pictures or shopping or round the market or just for a walk or for a meal.
Whatever you they employ.
Yeah.
me, but it's five pound eighty for a two hour session.
Well you've got to think about going to Northampton.
You're talking about half hour there and back drive.
So that.
two hours is now three.
Plus your petrol money to get there.
That's right.
Do you want me to fetch a pillow?
No, you're alright love.
There's plenty of cushions.
No, you're alright.
And erm so you see you're, you're throwing money to get money which is, which is a bit stupid.
That's right.
pointless.
But then I erm she phoned me yesterday and she said to me have you had any professional lifting erm lessons at all.
I said no.
None whatsoever.
So she said oh, that's alright, I've got it all in me head what, what I've got with you.
So I do believe in me soul that she's working for me.
Mm.
But she's offered me a relief post as I say, where I go round and help but she do n't know how many hours it will be.
Mm.
But I think I've got to get in and I've got to think well this next six months erm I've got ta work hard to get in regardless of whether I go voluntary or whether I go to a hospital and learn it at me own you know, expense.
Yeah.
I think I've got to put something in to get something out.
I've never been a person that gets something for nothing.
For nothing.
No.
I've always had to work very hard but at the end of the day I'm, I'm self-satisfied because I'm I'm doing what I want to do.
And I.
Do, yeah.
think to myself well it's six months I wish I'd have done it in August, now.
Wish I'd have took it up in August.
Took the bull by the horns.
See six months down the road I could have been there.
That's right, yeah.
You see and.
Yeah.
It's like everything e but th s saying that we had him.
We had him in September did n't we?
And I mean he took a lot of rehousing cos he come from a a a family that had n't really cared for him.
I mean he's a happy little soul, is n't he, in in certain respects?
I do n't think he'd been ill-treated, but he's took a lot of love and a lot of attention.
to to to get him into a home.
And she said he'll probably take four or five months to settle in.
and feel comfortable.
But I never leave him.
He's never left is he, at all?
If I go out I take him to mum's.
Or if, if I go out Rudy'll stop in.
Or if he goes out I stop in.
It's he's took our life over in a certain respect.
Mm.
but he's, he's brought us a lot of pleasure has n't he?
He is, he's a lovely little character.
Benjy!
Come here.
But er he's hard work.
You can see he is cos his fur's.
Oh yes.
his fur here eventually'll come right down to the floor, I mean when he goes out he's.
Oh yeah.
filthy.
I have to sit him in the bath and.
I think June had one did n't she?
She had er hers was er more, whereas yours is nice and white, here were all grey and black.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It were beautiful.
They're lovely natured.
Mm.
He's just a.
Mm.

Well my brother the only person he does it to is him.
He growls like mad at Gary.
Does n't he?
I've never heard a dog he do n't do it to anybody else.
Sometimes he'll growl at Rudy when he comes up to say ta ta in the morning.
I have to bath him two or three times a week.
Yeah.
And it takes me over an hour to dry him.
So he's he's.
It's hair.
He's mummy's teddy boy.
You'll have to remember Rudy he's had nothing to eat.
for a day.
He's ever so finicky.
So he.
so he's videoing it then is he?
Oh my giddy aunt.
Listen, I'm gon na have to go and get.
You go and get ready.
myself sorted out.
Erm.
But you're not going you're not rushing off are you?
Well I should be back at five.
About f yeah, cos you've got to pick us up.
Cos Pam's son's going to Germany for four years tomorrow.
He's just come back from Belize erm, and he's they're, they're posted to Germany and they leave tomorrow.
Joe.
Debbie.
Oh well they're posted abroad anyway.
And they're all going out for dinner tonight.
Mm.
But Pam's coming to the racing with us this afternoon.
Baby stop scratching.
Stop it.
Erm and er so, I said to him if he runs us up with the car and then he can bring it back.
And if he slips back and pick, picks us up about I do n't know, Pam'll tell you when she comes.
I should think about quarter to five.
Mm.
Cos the last race is at five o'clock I think, but I mean it's only if we go couple of hours.
And erm I mean we've got nothing on then.
Well George is working in morning so we sha n't be stopping late.
Cos he's got to be at work for what?
Are you?
So mm it were just a case of a flying visit cos we've not seen you for nearly twelve months.
Is it as long as that?
Mm.
It's over.
Mm I know.
I know the time's flying.
Well in actual fact to te to tell you the honest truth we've been so busy one way and another over the weekends have n't we?
Yeah.
And then erm we ai n't even been to see Barbara and her and her new house and they only live.

fourteen mile away.
Yeah.
She keeps ringing us up and saying are you are you are you coming?
Are you coming up to see us?
But I do n't get time, you know?
By the time we get home and and finished.
This little dog, he's got something.
What are you itching for?
Now let your mummy have a look.
Oh look Rude.
Look!
Look.
He might have got a flea.
He might have got a flea Rudy.
I dunno.
You see, see they do most dogs go down the fields.
Quite possibly he has got a flea duck.
I sprayed him with that stuff.
Ah well if he's.
er.
I ai n't got nothing to put on him.
The only thing I can put on him is some talcum powder.
Will you come up the bedroom?
What's that, D D D?
Mm.
Yeah.
He's alright.
I'll give you we erm we I've got s it's green and it's awful.
But it it's fantastic stuff.
What is it, spray?
No it's cream.
He's done nothing but scratch this morning though.
Yeah well it, it's probably that he's just got one.
And on other hand it's probably been there, you've bathed him and it's just left it sore.
See he's got another one there look.
No.
Yeah.
Yeah it has.
That's a sore.
That's a sore.
Right well I'll go and get me warm clothes on.
Yeah as I was saying, George is gon na nip into town.
Down here.
Yeah.
Cos he wants a pair of shoes.
Oh alright.
Well Rudy can take you down to you know where to go Tarrers But if you do n't wan na go you're, you've got the telly.
You can stay and wh tell me what time you're think about going.
Will you, shall you stop for an e stop for the evening?
Alright, or shall you.
It ai n't up to me it's up to you.
You're the, you're the driver and you've got to get up for work in the morning and everything else.
No it is n't, it's up to you duck.
It's up to you duck.
No, it's up to you duck.
Yeah it is up to you George, really.
You're going to do the driving.
You're going to work.
Oh dear.
Pack it in.
Let mummy give you a drop more spray.
Rudy you.
Are you doing any drumming at all George?

Aah.

Talent going down drain.
Yeah, talent going down the drain.
He says do n't you dare come near me with that silly spray.
Come here.
Here here here here here here here here here here.
Oh dear.
Here.
There's hardly anything in it.
But if he is.
You see it it comes off.
it comes off the grass you see.
Come on Come on then, in the garden.
Oh.
Oh dear.
I'm still no nearer Georgie.
I'm still no nearer.
Still you can decide what you're gon na do.
You know him.
Well as I say you've no need to stay late late.
I mean.
We'll be here when you come back.
You will?
Well that's.
We'll be here when you come back.
that's alright then.
And then er I do n't know.
I'll put the heating on Rudy.
Viv's going up town with you.
Viv's got the money.
Who's got money?
Eh?
Oh.
He's alright.
He wo n't hurt.
No, he'll be alright.
He's got to learn to stop sometimes.
Yes you would n't know our little garden now Rudy.
When it gets established.
I mean it looks noth it looks nothing now.
But, you ca n't rush nature can you?
So.
Yeah.
No.
It's pointless anyway is n't it, really?
Oh I just.
Hello!
Hello!
Where've you been?
So yeah, I dunno, things keep going on do n't they?
No.
No you have n't.
I know I've just noticed.
It's lovely.
You know when you've done here, will you come and?
This wants doing, this room now.
Wants doing again.
I want me.
That's it, yeah.
Do n't keep scratching.
Oh I ca n't.
No, I'm not carrying a brolly round.
If we get wet we get wet, simple as that.
I'm not carrying a brolly round all afternoon.
No.
I hate things in me hand.
I'm only gon na take some money in me pocket.
There you are.
Poor old Rudy, skint again.
There's something to be said about that.
You mean poor old Joy.
Well I had to come down on his side.
I've got to spend afternoon with him have n't I?
Do n't come down on his side.
Well as I say I had n't, I had n't planned on going anywhere.
I erm I just said to him.
You get off Joy.
Enjoy yourself.
I said to him you'll have to go and get me some money cos I I ai n't got hardly any.
And erm so he reluctantly went down the bank and got me a tenner.
And there's tear stains on it but I'll put up with that.
Ah of course you can.
Tenner'll do.
Look.
I mean he's even marked it look.
Yeah.
Where he kissed it goodbye.
Have you noticed George has stopped smoking?
Have you noticed I have?
Oh yeah.
Good luck.
Yes.
Have you noticed Rudy has n't?
And he said he was gon na do.
W how long you been packed up?
Two year.
Yeah I were gon na say.
No you.

since we saw them, that's right.
Yeah I'm sure you'd packed up last time I saw you.
That's why I did n't erm notice.
I packed up I packed up for two and a half years and then erm when we went to Spain in August, no in October, the four girls went me and me two sisters and a friend from work, Barbara.
We went to Spain and erm the smell of the fags, it absolutely poured with rain for four days and nights.
And I mean in Spain it rains.
And erm we were l we were stuck in the villa, right up in the mountains er, could do nothing but play cards all day and scrabble and erm all these stupid board games.
But erm and I just felt oh fancy all this way just to come and sit and play cards.
But we had a good time.
It were nice just to relax and I started smoking again and I packed up last Sunday.
I thought that's it.
I ca n't afford to keep chucking two quid down the drain.
And I knew they'd go up again on on Wednesday.
The budget mm.
So I thought that's it, I'm gon na pack up.
So we're watching that programme, Is this Your Last Cigarette? or whatever it were called last Sunday on the telly and I thought I'm stupid cos in six month's time I shall say I could have packed up six months ago.
So I thought well if you're gon na do it in six months.
do it now.
So I.
I just packed up and never thought any more about it.
Couple of occasions I've felt have n't I?
I've said I could do with a fag.
Yeah.
but I wo n't, I wo n't relent.
I'm I'm too, I'm quite stern that way.
I was just stupid but I was as I say, since Oct erm when was it?
Since September I've had hell and high water with my sister.
It's been dreadful to say the least.
Mm.
And erm well she's gone down from what?
Twelve and a half stone?
She must be eight and a half.
Ah!
Christmas no new year's eve we went to a party.
It were my other sister's daughter's eighteenth and she'd booked up a party at the club.
So erm we went over.
Ten to twelve my sister said I'm going home.
She said I could n't see the new year in.
She said it's too painful.
So I said alright then.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And then erm and then er when we went out, mum was in bed with fl pneumonia, well near pneumonia.
Wen er Wendy had gone.
Mum had got Benjy so I thought we'll pop up, see mum, get the dog.
And as we come out I said to Rudy I feel we ought to go up and see if Wendy's alright, cos she was a bit upset at quarter to twelve.
So he said alright then.
And we drove round and she's got a bungalow and all she's got these curtains that all cross over and when you sit outside it do n't look as if there's any lights on.
But luckily enough I got up and walked round the back and I could just see the lights on in the living room downstairs.
And erm I called out to her through the letter box and she come.
And she said I'm on the phone, will you talk to that person on the phone.
I said who are you on the phone to?
She said the Samaritans.
She said I just wanted to commit suicide.
She said I do n't want to live any more Joy.
So of course that was it.
I said right come on, you're coming home with me.
That's end of subject.
She said I ca n't I've just had a sleeping tablet.
And she said erm I do n't, I do n't I do n't want to she said.
And we sat about an hour did n't we?
It must have been nearly an hour.
And I says come on, let's go up my house.
I said I, I'll make the bed up when we get home.
Anyway in the end I just said that's it.
I've had enough.
Switched the fire off.
Grabbed hold of her.
Grabbed her handbag.
Marched her out of the house in her dressing gown and these great big slippers, you know, these with a funny face on.
Then we sat here till what, gone four?
Did n't we?
Talking.
Mm.
Then she got strong again.
She gets these pangs where she ca n't cope when she's on her own.
But then when I'd strengthened her up I said she'd be alright for a few days.
And then she phoned me up.
Said I ca n't cope again.
I'm down, down the pan.
And that's how it's swung.
Roundabouts and swings all the while.
You would n't have thought he'd have walked out would you?
Cos they seemed, seemed so happy.
Well.
So erm as I say she's er.
Yes if you'd just slip us up, will you?
I must go and get a tissue.
handkerchief round here.
I do n't iron but at least it's done.
Enjoy yourself.
Yeah.
So erm.
And win something.
Yeah.
We only put fifty P on.
End of the big spenders.
It's only fif the maximum bet's about two quid I think, something like that.
Come in.
Ooh ooh come in.
Oh yeah, lovely.
Erm Do you know these lot?
This is George and Viv from Rotherham.
This is the r George the drummer that we used to in nineteen sixty.
And this is Penny and this is Pam.
Hello darling.
No.
We're going into town.
Yeah.
Did n't know they were coming.
It is is n't it?
She said is this a flying visit?
I said yeah we did n't know they were coming they just appeared.
Yeah.
It does n't matter.
I mean they're not flying off.
They're gon na be here when we come back.
come back.
Stop while we come back.
And erm but George has got ta get up and go work in the morning.
What time are you going out tonight?
What time are you picking us up?
What time's he picking us up tonight?
Rudy.
Half past fourish.
Well.
Right, if you can are you ready then?
Come on then.
You've got ta pick us up about half past fourish.
Yeah?
Alright then?
We're going in Pam's, are we?
Go in mine?
Alright then.
Alright then.
mine's over the road anyway.
Park mine up over the road.
make some tea.
Well if they do they'll have to open the bloody gate.
Come on then.
See you.
Sha n't be long.
Make some tea.
Make some toast if you want some toast.
There's plenty of eggs.
Just get through the cupboards.
Just go and enjoy yourself.
See you later.
See you.
He's alright.
Put the telly on George.
And then do away with chimney breast altogether.
You're gon na have what out?
You know cupboard in me room?
You know that underneath the stairs?
Oh yeah.
That leads into me room.
Well if I had that out the chimney breast out, my room'd be ten times bigger.
Mm.
So we decided that.
George is off again.
we're gon na do that up.
But I've got to have a maxi boiler first.
A maxi boiler?
Mm.
What's that for?
Oh a combination but well I do n't know do I?
Come on?
A combination boiler.
What for your water and hot.
Have you got radiators then?
Oh we've got radiators.
Central heating but it's a back boiler.
Oh I see.
So you want a balanced flue like this one of mine?
Yeah.
Cos our back boiler's about had it.
Did you shut him out?
Shut him in.
Oh.
Come on then darling.
So erm you see that's, that's why when we had this we paid somebody to put this in cos the gas company would n't put my my boiler right out the back.
He said oh no, you've got to have it here in your kitchen.
I said I do n't want it in me kitchen, bloody great horrible thing like that.
No.
So erm so we decided I wish we'd have had erm I wish sometimes we'd have had that radiator on that wall.
Cos it do n't half limit you to having a radiator that length.
Yeah.
That.
And there's nowhere else I can put me furniture.
Cos if you put the suite, the settee over there it's gon na absorb all the heat into the settee.
That's right.
You're the same with, you're the same as us cos that's where my radiator is, underneath the window.
And all it.
That's right.
But you see I, I'd have preferred it on back wall.
Mm.
But there again, having it on back wall where stairs is, it's still gon na make you're gon na still be putting things in front of it.
In er in my room.
So where else is there to put it?
Really.
I mean that's the only thing in here you ca n't put I mean I could do away with me birds and have another single chair standing there, but it shortens your room.
That's right.
all the time.
You see that's what's happened with mine.
My suite's far too big for that room.
Far too big.
Well this one is a wee bit I think.
So.
I would n't say so.
I would n't say so.
It's just that I sometimes think oh I'd love to have a change round but.
But y yeah you ca n't cos.
You're limited cos that wall is wasted really is n't it?
Mm.
And this wall's wasted cos of this.
I mean you ca n't put that settee here because it it blocks that door.
So that's the only place it can.
Yeah.
really fit.
Mm so I wan na try and get it decorated this, this year.
It's getting ever so yellow.
Mind you, we all used to smoke.
Mm.
The girls come.
Surprising how dirty things get when you smoke is n't it?
Oh aye.
What are you going to do Joy.
Are you taking wallpaper off?
Mm.
You're gon na take it off?
Oh yeah.
I'd like to halve it like, like erm erm I've done me bathroom.
I'd like a nice plain one at the top and a patternedy one at the bottom with a nice thick border about as wide as that all the way like on the dado.
Mm.
So erm and then it really wants, it's it's up here where it's so.
Yeah.
getting dark.
But this takes quite a few rolls of paper.
What did we say, fourteen?
You're talking about sixty, seventy pound.
Mm.
To do it at the cheapest.
Oh yeah.
You used to buy Viv two rolls of wallpaper a week did n't you?
Keep her quiet.
Mm.
Used to love it.
Did you?
Love paper, what you loved the art of wallpapering?
Mm.
Did you?
I loved painting and papering and having something to achieve at end of it.
Mm.
I used to love to sit back and see it done.
Whereas now I mean then I could afford to have done it.
I mean in flat, you'd have loved my flat would n't she?
You really would have loved it.
I ca n't live in the muck of it all the while.
I hate it.
No.
Yeah that's what's getting to me.
You see now our Judy's gone, I mean she weeed everywhere and there were nobody had got the heart to to do anything about it.
And now we've come to stage whereas I mean I were cleaning carpet every minute of day.
Mm.
Just mopping up after her.
Well you've got ta be clean.
erm.
Stop scratching.
And er getting back to that and cleaning it with a real good clean every single week.
And now, I mean I'm wanting to do, I I've got it to stage where it's comfortable.
But I have n't got it to stage where I want want, I want it like now I want it like me flat.
Mm.
I really do want it like me flat and I ca n't get it like that.
Sometimes you ca n't do it that way though can you?
They do n't they do n't.
No.
there's the sh I mean the shape that, that bed in my spare room, it's really filled the room right up.
Whereas originally I did n't want a bed up there, I wanted a bed settee.
Yeah.
One so that I can go up there and sit and read and erm sit and knit and er learn to type.
Mm.
and do me studying.
But.
Oh no.
It's a lovely high bed is n't it?
Yes it's, it's got four drawers.
Yeah.
It's a, it's a lovely my.
I give twenty five quid for that.
Eh?
Well if you ever get another one, for twenty five quid.
as high as that get it me and we'll send you the money straight down w in fact we'd be down for it.
Twenty five pound.
That's with the headboard.
Oh my giddy aunt.
And the mattress is like new.
Good grief.
It's just two pieces.
And the mattress.
four drawers.
You see it's it's high whereas I mean I bought a high bed, but even my bed's not as high as that.
Have you seen that one up there?
Why do you like a high bed?
Just the getting on and off of it?
Yeah it's easier for me to get in and out of bed of.
Mm.
Higher it i well the lower it is.
Well you can see how new it is cos the cupboards have never had nothing in them I do n't think cos they're just, there's not a mark in them.
The lower the bed is, the harder it is for me to get out.
Yeah.
He has to pull me out.
Drag me out.
Whereas if it's at high level I can get me legs out.
Er yeah.
Let them dangle on to floor.
And then.
Let the circulation go.
I'm I'm I'm like that you see, I'm straight on up.
And only thing I do is get hold of windowsill to get out, and I'm alright.
But if it's a low bed.
You've had it.
there's just no way.
He has to hoist me up.
Mm.
Well as I say I went out and erm I thought, well Jill phoned and she said at the time my mum had got a boy that was sleeping rough down the sandpits.
Erm, with nothing.
No no covering or nothing.
He were only a young boy, seventeen year old.
His mum and dad kicked him out, they did n't get on together.
So erm mum went down one day and he was there and she said he were with my sister's boy, they were both sleeping rough.
And my mum said to Adrian I do n't like you sleeping down here.
She said it's bad enough you know, being er sleeping rough without sleeping down here with nothing.
So she, she phoned Wendy and said you know, this is ridiculous.
So they got him a tent, and they put it at the top of my mum's garden.
And then erm eventually Adrian got a job.
He worked at the hotel did n't he?
As a chef.
And the other one, seeing as it was like September October, getting cold, my mum said well the bed's empty, you might as well come in for the winter and stay here.
But erm he sh he went about did he go just before christmas or just after?
Ca n't remember when he went but my my sister wanted to come down but course she could n't come to mum's because he was there.
And I said well if y why do n't you come to us?
We can always make a bed, you know, for a couple of days.
And erm and say I went shopping and I I saw that and I liked it and I thought oh I'll go in and ask how much it is, he said give us twenty five quid for it, you can have the lot.
So I said well that's fair enough.
I come home and told him.
He went and fetched it up for me.
I phoned Jill, I said I've got a bed for you.
I went down and bought a quilt and new pillows.
Only cheapy ones but, you know, enough to cover.
That's all you need is n't it?
But when the heating's on you do n't need much.
No.
So erm I was thrilled to bits cos that long cupboard that's in that bedroom, that from the same person that we got the table from.
Mm.
So we're really pleased with that cos it's absolutely ideal.
But it's too big for that small room really.
Yeah.
But I did n't want it down here.
And it, that's the only place it could have stood, there.
Mm.
And again it would have been it's wrong for this room.
You can see it's.
That's right.
Yeah it is, yeah.
But er so there's always things you can do.
I mean I'd like to get I'd like to get some more pots and things for the patio and fill them up and I'd like to get a trellis on the side of the house with all flowers and that on there but.
It takes time does n't it?
You've got ta do it when you can afford it.
Mm.
We went over my sister-in-law's erm I you, you've never met Joe have you, my brother?
No.
They've got a, they've got a a house in erm Rotten Row in.
And erm he's got a massive paddock at the back of his garden.
Erm, oh you could get what?
Six bungalows on it could n't you?
Easily.
Eh?
Yeah well you're talking about four and I'm talking about six bungalows.
I'm trying to give you an idea of how big the field is.
And erm they started to develop the land all round Joe's cos there was nothing behind him, only fields.
They started to develop and they found saxon bones.
So they've had five years this is not re, this is not just recently.
As now, yeah.
No this is going back about ooh ten years ago.
Mm.
So of course they could n't do anything.
And erm my brother said well you've got ta give me some they told Joe nobody had got to go on it from his property and nobody had got to step on it because.
So Joe said well it's no good you doing that.
My kids have got a paddock, where they play.
They kick the ball, it goes over there.
He said they're gon na fetch it so you tell me where I can go and then I'll make sure that the kids do n't go.
So it was a law.
You know they, nobody ever went only Joe.
They'd g got these white flags.
Well he's not had a holiday since our Craig was thirteen months old and we went to Ibiza.
Why?
and we've never had an holiday since then.
Why's that?
I, it, I, twice two years on trot I've booked for him to go with me, and he wo n't go, he cancels it every time.
So I said that if he, if he went with Rudy, I know he'd have off and he just grins do n't you?
Toe rag.
He's a little toe rag.
I'll tell you what, I love my holiday when we went on our own and it's the best time we've ever had.
I find I relax more when I ai n't with Rudy because er.
Yeah.
he can be so stubborn sometimes and, and you know the other.
bores him, but he wo n't and then it pulls me, I want to do what the majority wants to do and then he do n't and I feel guilty cos I think oh I should be with him, but.
Well as I told, told Rudy and apparently we both the same, I'm not a sand seeker, I.
I liked to go on it.
You see it.
mm.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's right I mean there's no point in going away and, and sitting on beach.
and just.
that's right, two or three hours.
Oh I.
Yeah.
I mean that when we went to Italy, when me and our Terry went to Italy last year erm first thing in the morning we'd, we'd have our breakfast, then we had a wander round and then we went on beach, two or three hours in and out at the.
there and then we went back had a shower went and had something to eat cos it was only like bed, breakfast and evening meal, went and had something to eat and then.
sat around a little bit, got up and had a walk, find a.
where we were going, I mean it were, it were like concrete.
but it were so nice, er, there was n't er, er there was n't anywhere where you could go.
But you see the difference being you do n't drive do you?
No, so we could n't.
Well you see.
get out and about.
when you go into the villa, A you've, got to have a car because there's not a shop and B you're a long way from the airport and if you get taxis you're talking about fifty pound a touch from the airport, so that's twice, so there's a hundred pound gone already.
That's right, yep.
so that's all it'll cost you for a car.
Yeah.
so you might as well have a hundred pound for a car.
can go everywhere.
That's right.
Because if you go down to the shop it's a thir a ten, a ten, ten pesetas.
which is a fiver.
That's right.
and then that's a fiver, and then you've got the worry of and you got you got to go shops because when it's so hot things go stale you've got to have.
That's right.
fresh bread every day in Spain.
yeah.
cos bread goes, although she's got a freezer and a washing machine and everything at the villa, so she's, she sold her house in Jersey and they're gon na do the villa up because they, they've sold it Christmas did n't they?
They sold it Christmas Eve day it was gon na go through the twenty third, Christmas, the day before Christmas erm it was gone and they were supposed to fly over to Spain and they were gon na, gone, exchange a contract to sell it and then she phoned me back and she said I've got some good news for you, we've decided not to sell, it's so beautiful up there and it's called Los.
no, Los, mm.
Los Aldos.
Yeah, but, when you're up there you're in the eagle valley, and you get all these beautiful eagles right above you just soaring all over you, they're beautiful are n't they?
The birds and it's so peaceful, I mean you can go out the villa and walk and walk and walk and walk.
all the way up to the mountains, you could walk so far you could nearly cross over and go to another village right up the mountains, just keep walking and walking for ever, or you could go into the.
Yeah, yeah.
We wanted to go to the Bri, Bristol Cream and Sherry.
We went to the see the erm.
Thing's like, I like that cos when we went to Italy we went to that Madam whatever, it's a big erm.
hyper, like a big hypermarket so it's called.
duty free.
and they've got everything in it and er they do wine tasting and, and all this lot and you know their, their cheeses and that, they've got all that then.
We went to, I think it cost us nine pounds from where we were stopping in Lido to er, to go to er where this Madam.
Yeah.
An hour and ten minutes to Gibraltar.
Porta Bonosa s just er the other side of Marbella which is erm.
marina.
all these oil wells.
and all the oil that millionaires.
came out though.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
There was one there Cle erm it was called.
There was one there called Joy and it were worth.
sixteen million.
you've never seen nothing like it.
Is she worth sixteen million?
there.
It's no good sat there saying if I see it, we've got to get some.
either this year or next year.
Mm.
Auckland.
Oh no your talking about Venavae.
A whole leg of lamb, yeah.
A whole leg of lamb.
a whole leg of lamb.
it was all in rosemary garlic butter.
that was your dinner, a full leg of lamb.
Oh great.
Oh we had prawn cocktail.
whatever, apple pie and fruit.
Well it were n't a tenner each.
I think the leg of lamb was four hundred pesa erm eight hundred pesetas which is four quid.
and then your starter was about well your starters are dear because sea food is.
That's right, yeah.
but.
did n't thought of that.
you could eat at anywhere in Spain for less than a tenner any day.
then you go, er Val's got places of interest booked in her place where if she's gone somewhere like, if she comes home and got ta a little book in the cupboard she might then, then the place, follow the road to the.
so many kilometres, look to the right you'll see such and such follow the road round to the right and you'll find it, go to restaurant Alpalo or whatever and.
Yeah.
and eat in there, and erm oh she says, she marks, she writes down all the market days, when you just the market and you see the fruit.
avocado's sort of eighty pence for a kilo.
I've never eaten one of them in fact I would n't know what to do with one because.
avocado.
in fact.
and now a little.
They'd gone.
It ' twelve.
mind you.
mm, more than that.
and then on a.
and then on a Thursday night you go up, we go up to a place called Pia.
Oh which is one of the most oh it's amazing.
and they flamenco dancing and you can eat along the.
pat patio on the, on the, erm Virgin Square or somebody or other and they have all flamenco dances ooh, ooh all different sorts all different groups.
and it's, and then you can book up and go and eat on the verandah or you can eat in one of the restaurants and just walk round and sit on the, any of the seats.
Oh.
You see Pam and them was going to a bull fight but I do n't like.
I do n't like bull fights, erm I do n't think I, I could cope with one of them.
No I do n't think.
anything else but that.
You see when you go down the bottom of the sea where the villa is you just go over the roundabout, and it, you just go straight over and that's all the.
What's the sea Pacific?
Mediterranean.
Mediterranean.
all the way, you look one way as far as you can see and you, when you go to Gibraltar you're only a few miles from Africa.
Are you?
of Africa.
you can go over to Africa on a day trips from down there, but you have to have a full passport you ca n't.
go on a yearly passport.
so it's, you have to have a full passport, well we were gon na do it this year but Robert and Wendy only had a yearly passport.
did n't they?
So we did n't get over, there's so much you can do, we went to the erm, er to see the dancing horses, you know the.
dancing horses.
Mm.
Penny that come today she's a horse fanatic, she's only just sold her own, her own horse, but oh they're out of this world, absolutely, were n't they, they were just stunning.
You go up to.
which is a long ride it's nearly four hours away from the villa were n't it?
We left there, we left about half five, six in the morning did n't we and we were getting lost in and we knew it was in the village in that town but we could n't find it and we kept getting lost so we all pulled her up and he went back and he said to this man can you tell me where the.
Because we asked, we come to see the horses and he said well if I tell you he, he, he was English were n't he?
He said you go down here and down there and he said down.
he said I'll tell you what, all this messing about get in your car and I'll come, so he got his car out the garage.
What?
and took us to the dancing horses and then.
just dropped us and waved to us.
yeah ever so friendly, mind you you find people like that though, you know do n't you?
Ah.
was he, he was coming over from er South Africa ai n't he, on fourth of April, me mum's eighty on first of April and he's coming on fourth.
I wan na see that then the bungalow's got four, five bedrooms?
Four or five bedroom bungalow and all trees in garden.
He loves it.
Is that his own house then?
No it's er, no it's er.
What does he work out there?
We've not seen ought.
Is he?
We've not seen.
yeah.
It just means, no.
but he, he, I mean we've not seen him he's been away four years, I know he's been coming home first, for holidays, visit, but he's not been at home because, well we moved into that house, if you remember we moved.
that's right, but, when we moved into that house erm I conned him I says er are you gon na give us er ten quid for a new house?
To buy some mud and he says considering he's gon na.
I says my god I says it'll never be known that my brother said that you can be anything and that was first thing he ever gave me.
You see, what does he do again?
He, does he own the company?
Well he had shares in it, or something he said.
So how's that you're still with the same company you're all.
are you away from home as much as you use too be?
Are you?
Are you?
Do you, and where are you this week?
You, it all in different places?
I get worried when he does things because when he's working like he's working and he's travelling like he's doing I'm, he goes Monday morning, he comes back Friday, by the time we've done our shopping Saturday, he's, he's, if we go out Saturday night it's what, eleven, twelve o'clock or more, it's gone twelve o'clock usually after he's gone and he's back up then.
Do you work every night then George?
And he travels with it and I'd rather him not.
Do you?
I'd rather him not travel it, I'd rather him stop here on Sunday and not come home so that he's got ample rest, cos he's not getting it I, I, I dunno, I, I might be wrong, but he moans at me cos I knock me.
out, he says to me you'll kill yourself, you always want to do something, but to be honest it's worse for me to sit there and watch that, it's more tiring because by the end of the night I'm not tired or I've been asleep all evening I, I'm better to go out, I know it sounds awful but I do n't like being trapped, I do n't like being in because somebody seems to think I should be in.
Yeah.
that, and, and, I mean it's probably better for George to do what he wants to do, rather to do what he do n't want to do because we used to be in the same predicament when we were doing cabaret, we'd go down to London on the Saturday, we'd leave here what about half three, four o'clock, so if we stayed in digs, we'd be finished work say midnight, we'd be back in digs for one, then he'll go up till seven the next night.
yeah, yeah I mean.
what do you do I mean, your ok you can go to bed, but there's only a certain amount of hours you can stay in bed cos then you're wondering and wondering and won so you're more tired trying to find something to do so we.
That's right.
we made it straight away, we were working Saturday and Sunday in London as soon as we were finished I always used to make us a pack of sandwiches about six or eight did n't I?
A massive great big flask of coffee and when we got there we stopped and had a sandwich and a coffee, and we'd go in the club, set all up and we'd sit quiet and then we'd have a quiet drink would n't we?
As soon as we'd packed all the stuff in the ba van we'd have the rest of the sandwiches the rest of the coffee or another cup of coffee and then we'd get on the road and even if we'd got back for four, by the time we'd got home and, and had something to eat or if we did n't want nothing to eat, watched the telly for half an hour and get to bed, you've got from eleven till sort of three or four the next day which is just nice because you're in your own home.
That's right.
But you think it'll kill him from one o'clock in the night till seven o'clock the next morning, it's, it's ridiculous and financially were no different because you've got to pay for digs you've got to pay for the petrol.
That's what he says, that's what he says, but I.
I mean driving is n't, driving is not necessarily.
to the right sort of people, you enjoy driving it's a shame you do n't drive because then that way you will have your Saturdays free because you could get your shopping done and, and be done.
That's right, yeah.
And then it'll give you the time just to relax together but I mean that, that's why I say, Rudy has n't got a clue in this.
my mum's seventy five, how does she get back er ten pound of potatoes and all the week's shopping, I say well I'll go and then he moans at me cos I'm running around after everybody else but.
Yeah, but, no, no, it's exactly the same as them he could n't be bothered, I mean my mum's eighty and, and she ca n't get out now and he ca n't.
the same you know with me, but I mean end of day you've got it to do.
Of course you have.
I mean I've got to look after her.
Mm I get worried sometimes for him.
You see my brother Joe is wrong, he should have, he's a workaholic, and they're doing sixteen hours a day and they're working, can you imagine, and I mean my youngest brother Brad who's working with him said er Joe do n't stop, a week, no a fortnight la, a fortnight last Sunday they had to put a not air conditioning yeah it is air conditioning unit in Smith's in Staines and they had to whatever happens they had to get it working for the next day, it's got to be in and working and they worked all day, my brother, my eldest brother Derek weld it for nine hours non stop, to the point where Brad our, my younger brother and Joe had.
just working in the same room as him welding all them hours.
You've lost your.
you've lost your.
The dog has got it.
Like erm, like Maureen she's erm she's worried for Joe, she says he do n't stop, he do n't, but you see the difference being is it's Joe's business and it's as he said, some people do n't pay you for twelve months, and a lot of your money has gone out before you can get a chance to get it back in.
Back in.
I mean they do n't put, they do n't, I understand in, in, when you've got your own business like Brad and them, well our Joe ca n't be hard up he does a job and it brings him thirty grand in.
Mm.
I said yeah, but that thirty grand he's got to.
he's got ta wait for.
he's got to wait for, plus the fact that he's probably spent twenty of it out getting equipment.
That's right, yeah.
then you know, they do n't believe that.
he said well you know.
Mm, his boss is the same.
Yeah.
Yeah, but you see then he's at fault I mean like yesterday he come in he said he's got to drop off at Milton Keynes and he said I, I, he were n't due to be dropped until what half past ten?
And when he got there the bloke said oh just pull up and go and get it done now, I said now any other man would of gone in the cafe and thought right, I would of been drop now till twelve.
and he being dropped at sort of nine o'clock.
he went straight back to work.
you see he always makes an excuse but.
yeah.
That's right, yeah.
That's right yeah, yeah.
But I tell you what you do n't get any badges nowadays for being honest, I know that much.
Well, no, I'm afraid not and it's, it's a sad state of affairs, I mean when you see.
of when you've got to be a rotter to get on but I'm afraid that's how it's gon na be.
Well that's all, that's all that it is, it's all the rotten people that are now getting on.
Or selfish.
He's saved us a lot of money in one way, but he do n't pay the wage.
I mean.
Compensates yeah.
yeah, yeah,.
I mean I know which one I'd rather have.
yeah.
the.
that's right, yeah, that's right, yeah, I mean it's, it's, it's, disgusted when you know a bloke for this firm.
and all this money that he's got, ca n't pay a man a living wage, so but it's a decent as I say, he's lucky to be got a job these days.
That's true, that's very true.
I mean I know that now because I never thought I'd be on the scrap heap, but sometimes I really do feel as if I am.
Yeah.
because er, when they say how old are you and you say forty nine, they say oh well we, we, we were really looking for somebody a bit younger.
and you think to yourself how can you, you know, I'm prepared to work cos I'm.
I mean she said to me when I went for this Men Mencap job she said erm, have you got any trade behind you?
I said well I can do everything in the hotel trade from housemaid to housekeeper to barmaid, the only thing I have n't done is managed one but I could do that if I had to and I done, done booking of the reception and I've done bar, I've done diner's room, I've done kitchen, I've done.
I've done chambermaiding, I've done housekeeping, there ai n't many other things you can do and then she says and what about cooking?
I said well I, I'm a confident cook, I've cooked from meals all round the world you know, and she s and erm, she said oh that's worth knowing, now the.
some, some of us ca n't even boil a bloody egg, I mean it's, it's ridiculous, you think to yourself what's, what's it all about at the end of your at the end of the day.
Yeah.
so, you've just got to have to, point is I'm not gon na try and get big.
going, but I'm, I'm just, I'm trying to think of how I'm gon na get myself motivated again to get back to work.
Yeah.
and that's what it is gon na be motivated, but at the end of the day there, the, the people that you work with they ai n't worth a.
I know that's true.
I'm afraid you have to be like them cos, to survive.
yeah.
I mean I do n't know about you, but if I, if somebody drops a spoon in the restaurant I ca n't help but.
Pick it up.
pick it up.
that's right, yeah.
Most blokes say they do n't give a.
you know, so what do you do, do you follow your instincts or do you follow the law?
Yes, dear.
till about nine.
Oh well you've still got a chance to go and get her ready duck.
Are they?
You.
he were n't gon na miss going out tonight were he?
I think you do n't know going one.
He's staying in.
Look, we'll come up one night, one Friday night.
done this job for a long time wo n't you?
We'll stop Friday night, one Friday night when you're doing none.
Oh, well anyway, well, we gon na Marbella again, how's about that.
Do you?
Oh well.
We could be up here for er.
Yeah, on Friday what?
Give us a ring when you're not doing nowt.
Well you give us a ring when you wan na come, I mean.
I mean Friday night we do n't do much anyway you know, I mean it's like everything else if I do n't, if I say to mum, mum we've got nothing to do, I mean it's like everything else you ca n't afford to go out and do what, things that you would like to do, but you know like bingo and things, so we al, we get a game of cards going just to stop the rot and the boredom.
Yeah.
We play dominoes more than cards at the minute though.
yeah.
I mean it's only just to, just to do something otherwise you just sit here and you think it's, you're stuck here from morning till night and all you can do is keep going round, I mean I can keep working here.
Oh I, you could always find a job to do ca n't you?
Oh yeah, oh there's hundred's of jobs want doing round here again, but you do the same ones over and over again and I think to myself what a waste of a day.
Cos at the end of the day you've worked hard and you ai n't earned nothing that day.
Oh yeah, yeah.
So that's what we'll do.
Well you let us know when you want to come down.
it's as simple as that well then we can go out and have a drink with you, were n't fair, we were n't gon na stop this long were we, we just popping in to see.
Happy New Year.
It's a long way, it's a long way to come and pop in see without you knowing him as well as I do he, he, Rudy's so hard to move, I mean I'd love, I've said that.
Stick a bomb up his backside.
oh, I used to say when, if we were living in England now, we could go Scotland for the weekend, we could go to the Lake District, we could go to the Cheddar Gorges, we do nowt.
We will have to go to the Lake District my darling.
He's just such an old bore.
Because, I only ever so it.
See people say to me you've got to do, well you've got to remember one thing Joy, Rudy's older than you and I think to myself well if he do n't wan na do it you know that's, that's his problem, so, but.
Yeah.
I'm not very.
That ai n't, that ai n't basically it, you do n't wan na do it, that is the main thing, I mean you never been one for wanting to go, I mean even when we lived in Jersey and you ai n't got any idea how small Jersey is, Val and John used to come to us, but we never went to Val and John's, it's hell all mighty getting him out, if I do n't go on me own, I do n't go.
Oh, you were n't like that years ago though were you, when he was stopping out at bloody four o'clock in the morning I come round Joy, I've come round.
I know.
he'd be here knocking on the door, arrive early.
Mine was the noise.
We used to, we used to, we used to have some lovely card nights, he never plays cards, we, we have a game of Trivial Pursuit when we go to Spain he'll join.
I've got a game.
he'll join in then but he wants to.
I bet you, I'll tell you what I've got a game and I will fetch it down.
the one that Sue bought kids for Christmas.
oh god you ca n't buy it, well you can but it's thirty pounds, thirty something pounds to buy.
Dingbats?
No.
Pictionary.
no.
no it were n't Pict, Pict, erm no it's not that.
No it's not that.
How do you play it?
Tell me and I'll tell you.
It's a board about as long as that, that's all you've got in it and then there's all these cards and questions and what have you.
And how do you get the questions done, do you write, draw pictures.
It's questions and answers, I do n't know, I've forgotten, I, I, I only opened it up and had a look at it at Christmas and I thought thirty something pounds for that, a load of rubbish, I do n't know what it is.
Not Dingbats?
No.
Is it.
Dingbats, I think we've got Dingbats and Pictionary and we've got miniature Trivial Pursuit, you know, the travelling one, where you.
Oh I've got the big one of that.
Yes, but you, this one you've got some little bits that you spin it round and if it lands on a colour you, it tells you what you've got to, then you've got to put.
No, I got.
and er, Trivial Pursuit.
But you see when we're in Spain we sit rou, rou of the swimming pool and we play that.
and everybody, everybody will hear you know, who was the Prime Minister of India between the year such and such a, and were saying Mahat Ghandi, me hat and me coat.
what with me hat and me coat.
and er where's me Ghandi and all this and then somebody from the other side of the pool was saying it so and so, so and so, then he said couple of old.
you know.
, spin it again and you.
I forgot, I'll fetch it you down anyway, next time.
We've had some real, we've had a real good.
So did we.
Home made sangria, we'd leave it in the fridge you see.
then he comes home, that's what he likes to do potter around the house, well I do n't want to potter around the house when I've been stuck in for twelve months.
No oh we'll have to get motivating him then.
You ca n't motivate him, I've tried, in the end I just.
Oh, he's got to get motivated cos if we're going away we got to save some pennies up and if we commit ourselves then we've got to save pennies up, it's no good coming and saying to me you're going away next week, I shall turn round and say sod you matey we're not cos we've got no bloody money.
It'll be harder to get to the villa in some respects because Val and John, Val, Val's husband's retiring in July, he suffers with his dreadful headache, and they're going to spend ninety per cent of their time in Spain, but she did say whenever I want to go, as long as I let them know they'll come home cos they're gon na buy a house in Chesterfield and er she said whenever we wan na go, they'll come back over to their house in Chesterfield, so, we.
I mean you were, you were.
it's just a matter when I get a job, I mean.
well that's it.
Yeah.
as I say Pam and her husband are going back down to villa erm in June I mean Val wants me and Rudy to go down to the villa, they're going from July to the end of September this, this year, probably for longer, but erm.
I was gon na say, but you see.
its, it's, it's the same Saturdays and Sundays, I ca n't get him out of the house and yet soon as we get there we have friends and family and they say, keep saying come on, come up and see us, I went up in the mini on me own one day and spent a couple of days with her, but, it, it ai n't the same when you go on your own, I dare n't go too far in my mini because it's, it's erm, it's not a car that you can be hundred per cent sure of it, I mean as soon as it rains it stops anyway, we went out in it today and there's all water in the front of the, in the front, but.
And me heater's packed up.
that's the trouble with being out of work, when I'm getting behind with every, by the time I start work we'll probably be wanting new bedding, new towels, the house will want doing.
Mm.
take me twelve months to get back on me blooming feet.
I mean you'll spend just what you wan na spend in Spain, I mean like we, the night, when we went the first time, we took an ice box, but oh, we.
take it back, you do n't wan na lot of clothes cos.
you, you literally need shorts, swimmies, there's all towels and that there in the villa, there's nothing to take in that, in that line only, only.
Only beach towels, you could, you could take everything in a, in a.
So what we done, we took a big bag full of food did n't we, like, every week somebody brings home another tin of ham, a tin of corned beef, tin of beans, or a packet of biscuits and then er, at.
yeah we went and bought a three pound, no a five pound pack of bacon did n't we right, right.
we took a dozen with us.
so that we got, cos say you have a lot of holidays, so that when we get there as I say we ai n't got ta go out and shop and get stuff, we've got bacon and egg.
Well you just have to.
we take some of them part bake breads and some cheese and biscuits and a great big packet of cheese and, and you just you know, you can either just sit there, but the food, once you get down the food is so cheap you do n't want nothing else in the heat.
Well that's right you do n't, cos I mean you do n't eat a lot do you?
You can have a nice cheese in a salad.
Yes, that's right, bread and butter and.
eat at night.
without any cooking.
I mean there's no point in going away to be stuck.
in else cooking blooming meals is there?
Oh no.
I mean that's how I was, I mean and that's.
That's what we like to do but Pam and them do n't like.
food, they're, they're non food people, they do n't wan na go, all they want to do is get something in their stomachs, we do n't, when we go oh I like to eat the culture, I like the.
paella.
We went to this restaurant one night up in the mountain, he was starting to tell you, we walked in and there was all these people about eighteen and twenty sitting in the middle of the room and we went in, and it was late, it must of been eleven and we said you know can we eat and he said yes, yes and after he said, he said.
fancy the paella he said no problem I make paella so, I mean all of half an hour went by, but we went in and we had paella and then all these people started dancing, they moved the chairs back and they started clapping and singing and dancing and I said is this.
a party and he said no, no, he said it's because it's so hot in the houses, they've come out to eat because it is so hot.
in their house, in their home and erm and yet in the end they were, they were coming round they were singing, dancing, clapping and they got all us going as well.
and that was the only one night we never took the video camera with us.
we had a fabulous time, did n't we?
Just off the cuff like that.
Yeah, well I mean it's always the unexpected.
Oh yeah.
that, that, gives you enjoyment, I mean other than that I mean if it's all pre-planned.
oh yeah.
you do n't enjoy it half as much, I do n't think.
Well the thing is.
it was like Jersey, we lived there for twenty, twenty years did n't we?
And, and you think to yourself oh we've seen everything, but I used to get pleasure in taking somebody to the potteries because I knew they had n't seen it and it would be like ooh, when they got there, you could see the shock, the surprise in their eyes when they went in there.
When we went to er when we went to Austria, not Austria the year before we had a trip out to the that er big factory at that er crystal factory.
Oh yeah.
and that.
I've forgotten what you call it oh the stuff in there were oh, but you could n't afford to buy it.
What.
You know you can buy them in, in London, four pound they were.
Oh they were a lot more than that were n't it?
No.
No.
I think we bought these in the pottery half of it's erm, in er, oh not.
where the big pottery places that ai n't the Rhonda, the Rhonda's where the, this.
not the Venice.
Quan.
Quan, and this massive great pottery.
Whereabouts understand the.
They're nine, nine hundred and fifty pesetas each that's.
well thousand of francs is a fiver.
And then like the smaller ones although they, they twenty five.
and that little basket on there.
they're Spanish.
They're Spanish, oh I've been admiring that tonight.
Georgey did you see the.
bought me?
Well what was the first one we made?
Jug and jug and.
Oh they're nice.
oh they're beautiful them.
The sangria jug and then there's six sangria cups to go with it.
Sangria you have all fruit in it you know.
We like, we, we like that do n't we?
Do you?
Yeah you like, you, he likes the one that without sugar and I like the one with sugar.
Oh no I did n't like that.
Yeah, but there were n't, there were n't drinking.
yeah.
But you see there's a lot, there's so many different ways of making sangria, I mean you can make it real rough like just cheap wine, what it should be, cheap wine, sugar and, and fruit, I do n't when I make it I put rum or whisky liqueurs.
sugar and erm Tia er not Tia Maria, creme d ' banana or something like that, yeah and erm plenty of ice cubes.
and leave it and then er it's, it's the fruit that makes you silly.
The ones that I, I enjoyed and then there were ones that he had oh that were horrible, it was vile, yuck I did n't like that.
I made one out of a pale wine a ros wine as well, the girls do n't like the red wine, but they like the ros wine.
I do n't like red wine.
see you like the ros then do you?
but that really.
You see in Spain you buy packets of wine, they're like.
thirty pence a packet for a pint, so you buy six of them.
Oh it's cheap innit?
Oh yeah that's why, that's why it's Spanish cos it was, the fruit is cheap the wine is cheap.
That's right.
and that's why they make it, it's only punch after all innit?
Yeah.
Porta Man Curit I mean Bwangdirola.
You get a kilo of cherries for sixty P.
For a kilo.
Steve made me laugh he said we'll have some mushrooms so me showing off I said erm, how much, how much did I, a kilo, a kilo of mushrooms when I come back I got.
and you should, you should of said.
I should of said little.
I only wanted half, but I had a kilo, bags and bags and bags.
strawberries.
you see that's what you.
Strawberries are dear.
And I used to.
we used to have nets and nets of oranges and we used to get up in the morning and just squeeze them.
and bits of ice.
ice in the make, nice fresh orange juice for breakfast, put it on the patio and.
have some with toast and marmalade.
Mm.
and.
and plenty of drink cos the drink's so cheap out there.
yeah.
and er just to, just to sit, it was just that Penny and Kev and Pam and Grant have got different ways in their mind to where we are, we do n't go anywhere in a hurry, I do n't go somewhere and think oh I've got to be back at ten o'clock.
Oh no.
you know, and they were, as soon as we got out it was let's have dinner quick.
and get back, that's what got him down, and I mean we do n't when we go out we do n't sometimes go out until ten at night and then have or nine and go out and have a drink and then.
you find somewhere.
I tell you what I, I enjoy doing as well I mean I've only done it while I've, I've been out er abroad with gang of them, it's like, you know when everything's quietened down.
Mm.
everything's closed up, I love to walk in the nude.
well at night when we've come back from wherever we've been with Wendy, it was a ritual to walk round, cos on the, on the.
where the villa is there's the most beautiful restaurant you've ever seen.
Oh do n't get me wrong I do n't like doing this every night.
it's a Swiss restaurant, it's closed innit?
And then in, in the front you can go and sit there before you sit and have a.
Their son had his Sierra broken into and erm er a good thing, no were not actually there.
Got it back, there was erm a blanket in the boot and when they took the blanket out it was all ten thousand pounds worth of drugs and needles and everything in it, so the police have took it all back and they've written it off, so they've got a new Nissan, a Bluebird.
so erm, as I say but.
Yeah.
yeah.
yeah.
Well Vauxhall are suffering already are n't they?
yeah.
Jill was saying they made another twelve redundant at Creda Graham's jobs changing all over when they go back at Easter.
Mm.
and er.
I think Lee thought he was losing his job did n't he?
It's late this year it's about the end of April innit?
Yeah mind you, we're nearly the end of March now.
Yeah and that's another thing I found I had a letter from the Social Security saying would you please send your order book back you're not entitled to any more money, your sickness benefit's run out, I thought it ca n't have, I do n't go back until the twenty fifth of March, phones up for the appointment I got it on the fifth of March, nine days ago.
Oh.
so I'm gon na have to try and get up early tomorrow and get a definite appointment with doctor if.
Does she not find.
no.
what she say, is she well enough.
not well enough to do that, so I'm not looking for a job yet, she said your nerves are all.
she, keeps checking me for the thyroid as well now, every time I go and the tablets are all going haywire, she takes a blood test, a blood thing you know, your pulse every time I go.
Well at least you know what is responsible for half of the things that have gone out.
yeah.
but, it quite such a burden is it?
no.
See what he's doing with his fur, look scratching and it's going off and, he knocks his fur off and then it falls, falls out look at him the.
Yeah probably, if er.
would n't make that if you.
it's cos he went up mum's the other day and they've all got it but I do n't like.
yeah but if they get.
it in the fur though.
get him a flea collar.
The trouble is, if you put, I bought him one, but it knots all his fur up.
well.
and it's a hell of a job getting them knots out of his fur, it's a real problem.
Benji.
he knows.
he knows his name, you ai n't been walkies today have you?
He likes his.
he's fed up.
with old age, he wants to go for a walk you've been walkies today?
He's so soft.
Mm.
Well he's got a key.
and he bought a key.
but the policeman said there's, there's no way he can just walk up there and come in the house.
Yeah but who is to say he wo n't if he's go to.
Well I do n't, I do n't have to give him a key as long as I let him in, you do n't have to have a key, but he can arrange, he can arrange for me to be there.
and the police said all I have to do is phone the police and say well he wants to come and look round the property can I have a policeman there cos I do n't want.
yes, no.
mm.
Sell the.
yeah.
That's what we said yesterday you should have sold that car.
Yeah.
although the cops.
said if I would have sold that car next to nothing I would have been done for it.
Was it?
yeah, it went for, four.
how much did he sold it for do you know?
Do n't know, no.
But your solicitor will sort that.
yeah.
you, if there's any money to come back on that.
he said that will all look bad on him he said if he sold it and er do n't I, he, he said he's got two choices, he either sells that car and pays off the loan in both your names or he, he sells that car and gives you half.
and he said and if he sells the car and keeps all the money and spends it on himself he says that's gon na look, he's gon na look really bad.
oh yeah.
but you know what he was taking out of his bank that's what he.
to do with.
yeah.
Well there's, there's erm, there's er erm hydraulic jack in there with all the bits, brand new that's in there.
there's, there's a, a small jack red or about as big as that like that.
and it's got three ton.
Yeah, that's there.
Oh I, I know that this, this little jack takes more weight than the hydraulic one and he's meter in there ai n't there?
That, that real nice electrical meter.
what they call them, erm.
What like Daph's?
yeah, I ai n't.
no.
there's some very there's some odd, odd tools up there.
Pete also said you'd, you'd be best to keep your drill, your electric drill.
drill, cos you never know when you're gon na need a drill, then I'll show you how to use that.
yeah, yeah.
Yeah make yourself some money, Kev was looking for a drill, but the trouble is you you do n't get your money off Kev will you?
Mm.
I do n't know what else is up there.
Er you want to let him have a look.
yeah.
take him over Pete, Pete.
Have you got your money off Rachael yet?
No, I've sent her book back, I've got her book it's going back.
Why?
They've altered all the money again have n't they?
I had, I had a letter, I had two letters one for her and one for me saying would you please send your book back for her and mine send your book back cos I ai n't qualified for.
unless I phone them up tomorrow and say look, you know, I, she, if she keeping on the club she'll go backdate it.
Will she?
Yeah, all I've got to do then is send, send it in and I'll phone them and say well can I cash it up and still on the club and they'll say yes but I'll have to get up and get round there tomorrow then.
She's good though she's kept.
mm.
she said she would did n't she?
yeah I do n't know where it's all coming through now I tell you.
I said to that bloke today well how, how long am I gon na be before I go to court, he said it could be two years away.
Did he?
Yeah.
Well that's ridiculous.
he said well it all, it all depends how quick you want a divorce.
What have they said about your divorce then?
Nothing.
You've not heard nothing about it?
No.
I ca n't understand it, what if some people with families been evicted or chucked out or whatever?
Seems strange do n't it?
Mm Oh I've put in for one to pay the erm interest on the mortgage, which I have to do and that's all being seen to because I've had another letter saying can you tell me what this second loan were for and I've put down yes, it was for windows and sent a bit of paper er, you know, that we've paid four thousand seven hundred and something, five thousand, nine hundred and something we've paid for them windows and I've spent that.
They get.
paper first before you sending them money.
No, but I've asked for them to be returned, it's only gone to the D H S S in Wellingborough.
Your are n't half losing weight though still you ai n't getting your down periods now are you?
No, I only had one.
Coping with.
this morning.
You did?
Mm.
What over that?
Yeah.
Yeah, but, I think that was more shock than anything.
Yeah.
Course I'm not.
Of course I'm not because you're at work.
Oh there's.
I ca n't understand that either, they ai n't getting no relief off of their poll tax and yet they're, yet she's not at work and he's on the dole, and they still having to pay full whack.
I says to them.
that's not right, I said you get, you get twenty per cent reduction off.
they'll get sixty percent.
sixty percent, I'm expecting a bailiff at my door any day.
No they're not.
No, you're wrong, you're wrong, you're totally wrong dear, because as long as one's at work.
As long as one's at work.
you're responsible for mine and if I'm at work I'm responsible for yours, I wrote to the D H S S.
I had a paper to say and they said there was too much money coming in here a week, because you were working that I could n't get anything and I, it said, I wrote, it, it all come when I wrote to say could I have relief off of prescriptions cos I was on that H I V at the time.
and they said no, I were n't entitled to it.
No.
I'm not entitled to, if I'm, I'm entitled to pay up to eighty pounds on a maximum dentist treatment, which is a hundred and thirty pound.
A hundred and fifty pound.
I could pay, I would have to pay the first eighty somewhat and I would have to pay the first ninety, ninety somewhat on a pair of glasses.
I had all this then it went and then it went into.
If I if you've got people in prison and then you had to go visiting you, you could get relief after, after the first twenty five pounds, so if the expenses were going to see somebody in prison were more than twenty five pounds I could get relief with them.
I'll kill him, they do n't worry, they do n't worry about what, what bills you've got going out, I E a car on H P or your or erm furniture on H P, when you're on on the dole you're you ai n't supposed to have had any bills incurred.
whether you still pay them tax wise they now I've still got my redundancy money I were n't thirty days without it, or I'll.
save mine up.
Mm.
Mm.
and forty.
that's fifty pounds innit for a month, so that's a month.
No that's a month so it's fiver a week.
fiver a week.
plus your rent.
plus your gas and your electric and your living.
you know, you ai n't got nothing to live on at the end of the.
No you've not.
Mm, they told me though that there's too much money coming in the house, you, you, you're only allowed to have I think it's about sixty something.
Yeah.
pounds from.
to get any relief if any of it's.
well I know when, I know when Alan and Jade were both made emplo, unemployed and Alan withdrawal his dole and when Jade was unemployed they took the dole off Alan and give him sixty pound a week which was you know.
Income support.
income support so.
the dole.
I had, I had a letter the other day saying that I'd been paying thirty nine pounds, fifty a week to live on, but I've been entitled to fifty five pound something for low income support so are they gon na backdate all that and then get their.
I reckon they'll have to, yeah they will have to surely, that's their error they'll have to.
They said a, a normal person living on their own is only entitled to thirty nine pound sixty a week and that's what I've got in that book, but I do n't think they realise that I I'm on me own and I've got a gas, electricity and everything else to pay out of that.
I do n't know whether they.
I was so annoyed I thought to myself.
If you go down Citizen's Advice it's all done, on a big, on a big board down there what you're entitled to.
Yeah, yeah.
that's what Kevin and Cindy said their rates on that house were a hundred and something pound a year, their poll tax is nearly four hundred.
they're paying three hundred and eighty pounds, they're paying.
said it's ridiculous.
Yes, we did have some good news about that court case, about that accident we had, it's all been thrown out of court.
What car accident?
You know we had an accident along where we opened that car door and that cyclist.
Oh yeah.
hit us in the side?
Well they got to court without a solicitor cos they were n't entitled to Legal Aid, and now you see that's another thing, they're both out of work, they were n't entitled to any Legal Aid, so they had to go on their own to court.
and explain the situation and the court said oh well we'll take it to the magistrate's then, then he had a letter two weeks later saying that it's been thrown out again, they have n't got a case cos she were in the wrong, she's never, ever have gone.
over round the left hand side in the first place, but she must have been in the wrong so they must have seen it as well, they have n't really got a strong case so they threw it out of court and last week he had a letter, he opened it, from the, from the court, and he thought oh gawld here we go again, he's got jury service, oh.
How old is he?
Oh right, I'd love to do that.
So would I, it's in April.
I'd love to sit in.
it said if you are on the dole or unemployed or whatever you must take this form down, because he's entitled to.
Yeah.
yeah, yeah, for, for, for fee, for a, for a meal.
I do n't know why, if he gets put on a murder case he's there for three weeks in a hotel, it's easy he said well I, you'll be able to come over if you want to it'll be like sitting at work, no one will know.
I've been darling, I, believe me I've, you ai n't got ta do it.
Well I've got to go down tomorrow, I ai n't got a clue what to do.
I rang, I rang, I went to the dole office, when I went down I ask them as soon as I left Ann said the same, go down the dole when you ask about your poll tax, they said to me we ca n't give you any id, er anything, you have to phone them, council building site, I phone the council building and they asked me, that's why I sent all your wage slips in for.
and that was for that, then I had a letter back to say that we were having, there was too much money coming in a week for me to draw unemployment and then they, then a few days later I had this double page letter a big one that says you are entitled to no prescription help, X amount of pounds after erm eighty pounds per glasses you are responsible for the first eighty pound, we say that you can afford to pay that, so much on your teeth, if you're visiting somebody in prison then you exceed a certain amount of mileage you can only get it if you exceed more than twenty five pound incurring, then I thought oh blow it, forget it, and I never done it, that all come to then, that's why I wanted a ten of your wage, wage slips you remember now?
That's it.
Oh say, say about my fault, I should n't want to pay.
and I'm not, I'm not paying mine before October cos as far as I'm concerned it was paid, he has my wages.
Mm.
So like I even said that to the coppers today I said he's been handling seventeen hundred pounds near enough near as damn it.
That's right.
a month, I've been here none, my poll tax were n't paid, my mortgage owed three months, what's it, been three months in arrear.
Of course your wages were six hundred and something.
Yeah and he were coming out with eleven.
eleven hundred, eleven.
eleven hundred, yeah, yeah.
eleven hundred and sixty, seventy and you had.
a bit more.
nearly, nearly, nearly seven hundred pounds a month.
a month.
and he had over a thousand, one hundred a month.
Yeah.
nearly eighteen hundred pounds a month.
Did he now?
and yet the mortgage was three months in arrears, no poll tax paid, no other bills paid, all he's paying is the gas, electric and the water rates.
I just do n't see how they can waste that money, but there you are, I said that one day, I, I put down that fact today.
well I could n't believe it when we went to Jersey and he was out of money and I could n't believe it he ai n't got any money.
and you were.
well he.
eight hund, how much he owed eight hundred pounds.
overdrawn?
Well he, he's on himself hanging over his car because he said it's, it's, that it was an inconvenience cos they were late for work, he suppose to be getting a taxi into work every day and back, but where's his proof that he did?
He declared.
He's declaring that he's using a taxi and it costs him a hundred and sixty pound a month, every day back and forwards to work, well everyone knows that's a lie cos she takes him to work.
I'm gon na.
As I say he's getting away.
I ai n't got that, nothing.
mm.
mm.
You ca n't believe where they know all what they know from.
you did n't, it, it.
That Colin's come up today and he said, he said, did, erm, Dick do the job for you?
I says what job?
He says on the car, I says it's nothing to do with you and Chris, he said what about you trying to, you were going to break into his flat then and erm set light to it, where'd they get my.
information from?
I do n't know.
Yeah.
that copper man had told me this morning.
What you earn, yeah.
yeah.
mm.
they'll get, they'll get you.
About twelve years when I was in Jersey.
It's frightening what they did to us.
Well he said to Dave that a policeman has n't got the clout to phone up the erm driving place you know in London where, where you thought that, what's it called D L V C.
yeah, to see if that car's been sold, stolen or whatever and yet a solicitor come he said your solicitor will be able to pick up the phone, take you through the right channels, see if he's sold that car, he has n't sold the car, who's he sold it to.
yeah, everything.
He said that's what you've got to do first thing Monday morning, find out where that car is, he said, and then you want half the money.
yeah.
I mean, he, he said about.
come up mum's with the, and he snatched my handbag and he took the keys, he said that copper has got no rights to tell him to hand over them keys to me, I said what and he snatched them out of my handbag and I've got no rights to my own house keys and I said what rights have I got to do, down his flat and collect half of my stuff back then?
He said you've got no rights at all, I said so what rights has he got to coming in my own home then, he ai n't paying for it, what rights has he got to it?
What he say?
He said well he's got rights because he owns half of it, I said owns half of it but he ai n't paying for half of it.
That's right.
He says no, but he, he, he still half owns it, he says his name's on the lease, I said but it still do n't make it right that if he, if he earned half of it then half the bills are his.
Half the bills, that's right.
Yeah I said well I earn half of it as well then and I've worked for half of it, but I ai n't paying the bills either.
Seems, it all seems strange to me.
He said it'll all come out in court, he said he, he wo n't get away with it.
Who said that?
Oh that copper, he said he, he said the thing is he said what you've got ta do is give him as much shit and aggravation as you can possibly give him, keep him hot and keep him roasted up he said because what happens is he's getting along, long and he's thinking oh I can do this and I can do that and I can do the other, he said but if you can get your solicitor to keep him on his toes he ai n't got time to think about nothing, he said and if he has done that job himself, he's laughing at the moment, I said well he must have done it.
And then he should sign it all over to me.
But he ca n't do that, until he's paid up every penny he owes.
I was gon na say.
if she, if she gets it all signed over to her she signs all the bills over.
he ca n't do that anyway, for him, for him to sign them deeds.
and everything over to me, he's got to be paid all the loans completely off plus the mortgage that's in arrear, that, that house got to be round to square one with a, with a fourteen thousand pound mortgage and that's it before he can sign that house over to me.
Yeah.
That means that the two loans that he had, he ca n't sign them over to me.
Yeah.
he ca n't sign it over.
to me even if he wanted to.
Yeah he had two.
That's right and there's nothing he could do nothing about.
Mm.
Yeah.
Yeah, but I ca n't do that.
Well you're such.
at the minute cos you've got, you're sitting in your house.
Yes.
you're in care of bills that he's, he's responsible for anyway.
mm.
he's got ta be, you wan na make sure that that electric bill.
I'm going back down, I'm going down there Monday.
say I give you no authorization.
I'll fight.
I do n't want mail coming to my house addressed to me, my husband is still in charge of these bills, but you do n't change it over, I sha n't open them I shall just return them back to you, frighten them.
I mean that's like they went into Nigel's and put that erm.
Well that's that's why the gas, gas and electric.
leaflet.
men come up with them.
for me to sign, I said I'm sorry I'm not signing them and I would n't sign any of them and he went back and he said alright then we'll leave it in your husband's name, I said yes you'd better had cos he still owns the house, yet all those bills have come through, I've had water rates come through in my name, I've had the electricity come through it's in my name, the only one bill that was never in his name, never has been is the telephone and that's included.
But I say that, they've got no right to just change your, your name over, I mean, basically, really and truthfully when we got this place Rudy were n't on, on, he never signed on on nothing.
No.
when this place come it should have been in my name were n't it, because he never done nothing for it.
no.
Yes,.
no.
he were never even on the bills, on the papers.
no.
where you?
Never even knew I was the one.
Yeah, that's right.
the only thing that does n't is my telephone bill, it comes sort of under I F, which is if.
Yeah but erm, I, I ca n't understand why because when I put in for the my, my house I did n't put him, he were n't even on the pap paperwork and all of a sudden he, he.
had half my name as well.
he was pulled in, I mean.
I went, I went all out to get this place in nineteen eighty three.
he did n't know nothing about it.
Mm.
yeah.
yeah.
Yeah, but you see that's why when Tracy come to me saying she wanted to, to exchange her council house I was annoyed because I said no, I got that council house for Tracy it's in her name.
Mm.
if she relinquished that name and puts it in, in.
name.
name yes.
and anything breaks up, Tracy's lost her home, she'll never get another one.
I fought for them two, to get that home for her, so I said no, the only way you'll do it, and I, when she were on her own, I said, not that I do n't trust Nigel, I do, but you do n't know what's gon na happen in ten, in ten years time, I said I fought for that house for you, if you exchange it, you exchange it in your name.
Well she come up the other day, they wanted to exchange Kelly's old house for, for, for her, somebody wants it er part exchange Kelly's house, you know then go and.
Mm.
I said, she said it's got an extra bedroom, Okay I can see that she's got an extra bedroom and they can perhaps do with one now that they got a boy, but, I said, you know, do n't, what have you got what you've got, you know at the minute.
Yeah.
she said she's had all her own central heating.
Yeah.
done all her double glazing.
Yeah.
all her kitchen, all her new bathroom.
Yeah.
what you moving out for?
In another twelve month's time.
Two boys.
That's right.
but as I say that's, that's the only thing, but then on the other hand they ca n't fall out with me will they?
No.
Before I lose that home I've got, I'm.
so.
Well I shall hand it back, if I'm a single person, I'm entitled to one of them single people's bus then are n't I?
Yeah.
that's right.
but you see they do,.
You were evicted from a country were n't you?
From another country.
but that were n't no fault of your own.
Yeah.
yeah but you see.
they did n't understand the cultures of another country and how it works.
and it was as simple as that, it was only until that I got all the paperwork from Germany that the letters and one thing and another, but somebody in there said to them well you're talking rubbish cos the girl's telling you the truth.
Mm, mm.
and then and then Miss said you'd better come down and we'll have a talk about it, I've learnt a bit more about your ex country.
So, then, then we got into it he said I'm sorry I thought you made yourselves homeless, cos you just wanted to come home, I said no, way, I said we did n't even want to come home, I said we were very professional people.
at the time, I said we were, I was doing sixty hours a week in me car, we were doing six nights a week cabaret and he was driving all day.
Yeah.
but I said why come home and miss a season like that in the middle of August?
I said I did n't make myself homeless and he said no I did n't realise by November we, well we went down, that was the September and by the October we got our home did n't we?
And we got, he got stuck into it, but, that's, that's how people, if you do n't get somebody who's working for you, you'll get somebody working against you, and that's what I had, a good solicitor with you at the moment is, got ta be vital, I only hope she's doing her job.
So do I oh I'd better go, thanks for a lovely dinner.
So what's Adrian gon na do now?
Dunno, oh he's, he's what, he's been for another job interview and the bloke.
Yeah, the bloke in.
he's gon na let him know tomorrow.
He got the sack.
He got the sack, cos he got up and left his job overslept and annoyed erm Rachael because she woke him up twice and said come on you've got to go to work, he said alright then, she, she went back to bed thinking he'd get up and of course he were still laying in bed, I woke him up at five to eleven, said come on you're an hour late, but when he got down there they said no it's no good you've got the sack, and he said well it's your own fault then cos you were woke up twice by Rachael at nine o'clock, he had n't, he could have got up and gone to work, just idle we met him twice, it really upset him.
Did it?
Yeah, cos he's lost all his college as well ai n't he?
Is he?
Yeah, yeah.
Will he be back into.
Well he wants to, but I said you'll, you'll got a, you'll it's a long ladder to climb now and you'll never get another job like that.
Well he wo n't get a reference.
No I said he wo n't.
No.
He'd have been better off to of crawled back down there and apologise.
Yeah.
and said well I'll do an extra shift, I'll do an extra week shift if you give me my job back it's a shame.
Mm that's what that girl's just said to me you get a lot of erm, she said he'll know it's hard and I was saying that you know I, I put all me eggs in one basket with that, I mean that really knocked me for six.
I've gone down hill since then, but she said you know these folks are hard when you've been out of work for a long while, you've got ta just get back up and fight again, I said, she said and I know how hard that is, but she said you know, if you can get it going and fit and get in, so.
Why she saying this?
she's just giving, she's just give me an adult education centre there at Spinny Hill, Northampton and she said they put everything in perspective for you so that you know where you've got to start, what is available to you and then she said if you go down the job centre and ask them if E T, education, employment training.
Mm.
so they,.
just.
so they just call it E T, she said they can actually send you to a place where you can get you, your experience and er because they've sent you, you get an extra certain amount, ten pound a week, cos you're going through the job centre.
Mm.
but you got to have been out of work six months, so I said well I've been out of work six months, so she, I've got that to do tomorrow, so I get up the firm this Spinny Hill, Northampton, that's an adult education centre where you can go and learn the skills of your trade, but she said that might not start until September.
Mm.
on the course you see?
But if, with this job one, they could, they could say right well we'll put you in a mental home where you will learn your skills, but you will only get ten pound a week.
Yeah,.
I do n't care about that, but at least I'm making a move.
at least you're getting a bit of experience are n't you?
We're getting somewhere.
making a move.
Yeah.
and by the end of that it'll be, make me mind up whether it's what I want.
What you want to really do.
or not, ah.
Right I'll see you later then.
Where you going now?
Home.
Oh are you?
Yeah.
Are you going near mum's?
No I doubt it.
Oh.
Oh really I ought to take my little boy for a walk.
You've been walkies today darling ah, you've been a little walkies today oh, oh, oh, oh.
Right I'll see you later then.
Alright love, alright.
Yeah, I will, sort it all out.
Okay, alright then, I'll see you later.
Ta ta.
Yeah ta ta love.
Oh my baby, shall we get some din-dins?
oh I know Wendy, she lives, where she lives.
Semi.
I know Wendy, I know.
Pam.
Pam there's not a Pam is there?
Derek and Jo.
Yeah I know them.
and Jill.
yeah,.
they had a big family.
Well she eats well, erm, she's not too bad, you know, she's erm dad's been a creaky door for years and years and years.
Do you?
Do you drive?
Did you?
Then you packed in?
Oh.
so it's like traffic judgement then I suppose.
If anything happened at light you'd be mixed up were n't you?
Were.
if you kept going.
But if you ai n't got that, you ai n't gon na be.
He's a lovely little boy, he's got a lovely nature.
You're a good boy ai n't you?
He married erm, Charlie.
Yeah, me sister's married erm, Joy's sister Cheryl is married, she, she married.
her name is David.
you know Pat Steven all of them in Park Avenue.
Yes that's the one, the one who's got three stone that one.
That's right.
oh.
What.
Why?
Why?
She gives half.
I'll tell, I'll tell you what that's, I think that's what's doing me up, it's not being out of work it's going out, it's the things that I mean normally.
I get up do me hair, put a bit of make-up on.
I mean I know Cheryl.
I know.
so you're ready for a sit down.
you'd be fed up sitting about all day and all night.
I just give it all away did n't I Rudy my knitting.
she's saying she enjoys knitting I just gone and give a great big plastic bag full.
oh eh.
are you like me you're always too late?
I give it, I'll tell you who I give it to Deanne do you remember Deanne?
I she?
do you?
Wendy, Pam, David, Michael.
no, I do n't think I do.
My cousin Do you, when Mark kept going on driving me, well.
learnt me to drive.
That's all it is, all it is.
Well it's funny he's got, he's got his house right on the hill in Wales and er we went down.
You've got two cars up there ai n't you a mini and a green one ai n't you?
the yellow one, the yellow van is Rudy's, the red mini is mine, not the cream mini, up, the one to this one next door.
did you go and knock on her door to see where we were?
Which one?
Oh yeah.
had a hell of party when we got here you know.
he came round here swearing at.
Rudy were n't about because we were building the conservatory, we were off to Spain the next day.
and erm.
I mean they take their.
shoes off nowadays, but before the other time, he.
he er, said if you get your.
door really, says I'll squeeze the floor for you so that you.
it's got two weeks to set because.
the floor were all over everywhere.
Oh yeah.
I've been smoking on and off like a chimney.
and then packing it up.
Why?
Can you see up there?
Oh talk about doing some excavation, she's ever so nosy.
Yeah, well, you've got ta behave, is she supposed to be up there, will he hurt anything?
Are you sure?
Some, some folks are funny cos they.
Yeah, not bad.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What in the job centre?
It.
Oh yes.
I do n't think many people are,.
No, I mean it's, it's nothing, I rang erm Social Services this morning in Northampton and I got an appointment for an advisory thing on Thursday morning, erm, the women I'm going to see she retires on Friday, she said well I'll have to get you in quick, erm and she, they advise you on the, what you've got to do to get into what I want to get into you see, so erm I've got that to sort to do, I mean.
I really disa.
I was really disappointed cos erm I did n't get that one from Mencap cos that was in Rushden.
Mm, I thought I'd get it, I really did think I'd get it and I went down with a bump when I did n't.
Yeah, it knocked me for six.
I could've come earlier cos I've been over Tracey's since quarter past one, as I was coming out the Jehovah Witnesses were coming out.
and erm, I always have them in and have a chat, you know, I do n't.
That's right, I just, I always say to them you're welcome to come in and have a coffee you know, I do n't really, I've got me own views, I'm not really interested in what you've got to tell me, I know all about it, but you know you're welcome to come in.
and they come in and have a coffee, that's it, good boy, and erm, er, so, I, I said well I'm gon na have to go I'm going over to me daughter's she's just had a baby so.
Another, she had a little boy.
Yeah.
Tyler she's named him.
Yeah, fine, her new, her new erm fella's lovely.
Yeah, he's got so much about him.
Who?
Oh yes, yes, oh yes.
yeah.
rubbish, oh we have.
Oh, yeah we had another trauma.
erm,.
Eh?
Yeah I'm fine, you know this erm, you know this young girl that was killed along Benji Avenue with her mother?
Well I thought it was Wendy's daughter.
Half past eleven at night they went and knocked Wendy's door and says can you give me some photos of your daughter and there were two girls and they thought that they were the only two and the woman said that the only two girls I know that are alike them, their age group, erm, er are Nicholas daughter and erm, and erm her friend.
and erm.
and er, anyway, they had to get photos and they said well we do n't think this is her, but we'll come back.
but, then the next morning of course when Wendy got home she'd been down my nephew's looking after the kids for them and erm, and said we've come to arrest you, and no, oh Rachael said oh mum there's a police car pulled up outside, so she said, oh my god do n't tell me they're wrong and it is Tracey, cos Tracey's left home, she's gone to live with her friend and erm, anyway, when Wendy got to the stairs she could n't go in, she could n't go any further and she said erm, when, when the policeman said Mrs I've come to arrest you, she just about said Christ she said what have I done?
They said well your husband's car's been vandalised and they think it's you that's done it so we've come to arrest you so she said oh I thought you've come to tell me it were me daughter that was dead and he said, he said what you talking about?
She said well the police were here after eleven last night, that young girl that was killed on Benji Avenue they thought it was my daughter, they've got all the photos.
and he just said oh I'm so sorry he said I would n't have come if I had known, but there was a massive wreath in the garden where that girl was knocked over.
Yeah, she said.
Is she, she getting worse?
Cos of.
they left three children in the house.
That's right, yeah.
I know its dreadful.
Two young boys.
er chasing in a X R X you know.
Is he?
Yeah.
Mm.
Yeah.
I know.
Yeah.
On the road.
No.
Well, you do n't know that, I mean it's, I, that's what I've said all the way along this, this world's getting to be that the wrong person.
Yeah, the wrong people are in the wrong jobs.
ai n't they?
Where did their daughter went to.
Did she?
Why was that?
no.
That was strange cos she's the only daughter is n't she?
Mind you.
no, if Maureen's the same at, at home as she is at work then you can see why she left home.
so.
Who Maureen?
Mm, Cathy knew what they called her in the initial stage.
I ca n't be doing with that.
Well.
Yeah.
Oh.
Oh.
Ah.
What and he heard him saying this?
That was.
That's the main one to the heart then?
He knew you where there though?
That's jaundice.
Oh.
And your dad could see that?
And your mum knows all this?
Was he insured?
They'd been better off just giving him an injection and put him to sleep.
Mm.
Mm.
What she say, thanks to you lot so wondered he survived this lot.
Mm.
Was it, your dad was it?
That what I say there's a lot to be said for going gracefully.
Mm.
mm.
In the morning?
No.
When you need people.
when you need people, well it, there's, there's been a programme on this morning there saying it's not that there, this is vote for your, for your parliament you know, what you call it?
Your vote to phone in and they said erm something about what was I gon na say no what was I gon na say?
Oh no they were saying that the Health Service's and.
the Health Service is deteriorating so bad, and they said no not so much that it's that they're not, they've got enough staff but they're not being managed correctly.
they're, they're hovering around.
do n't know what to do.
No, I know,.
no, no.
Yeah, sterilized gloves.
Well you were n't surprised are you?
You see, I, I mean my brother.
Yeah, it's no good saying.
it's no good fifty percent of the ship being good.
you ca n't sink half a ship can you?
Mm.
Mm.
it makes you feel, it makes you feel when you're unemploy, ployed like they are.
what are we waiting, but you see.
yeah but you see, you, you, you ca n't.
do anything.
cos if you go to do anything voluntary they look, look into it and then you've got trouble with your dole money.
then you ca n't afford to not have your dole money, cos your dole money.
That's right I know.
I know.
Well that, that's why I think I went down so hard when I did n't get that job cos she said, I, I took, I took the erm, I went, I was the first, to go, first of all I did n't put in for this job it's one that's been laying around since last September, I wrote to, kept to St. Mary's for this mental health thing and I got in touch with this Mrs and she said I've got nothing I can offer you at the moment but I, I will be in touch and I went down the job centre one day and erm, there was this thing to say that they wanted mental nurses.
at the hospital, so I thought well I'll, I'll ring.
anyway the girl said well I'll ring first to see where you get your application form she, and the, Sue phoned and was on the other end and I said oh you should apparently you've got have erm, er, application form and Mrs going to send you one, I said is that Mrs on the line she said is that Mrs speaking, she said yeah, I said will you tell it's Mrs she said oh, well, tell Mrs she's no need to apply I've got all her details and she is being looked at, you know, we are looking into it anyway erm, as I say I had this letter just after Christmas to say that there was a job coming up at the Mencap at Wellingborough Road, Rushden, and I was being selected and erm would I go up for the informal interview on the Monday and the formal interview at the hospital the next morning, so I went up got the first person there and er she, she, it's a new, it's an old house but they've done it all up and there all papers on the floor and then she said oh I think I'll pick these up Ir Irene, I said oh call me Joy everybody does and she said alright, OK, I said oh I'll help you so of course I said, I went straight down with her on the floor picking all these papers up and she, and when the next person come she said poor old Joy ai n't even got in the door and that's it, she's already working and she said I can see you're like me Joy you'll do a job when you see it's got ta be done, I said I've always been the same, I ca n't, I ca n't see a spoon or a bit of paper laying on the floor.
I have to pick it up, she said oh that's good, as I say I had a brilliant interview when the other members of staff come Steve and erm, I forget what the girl's name was, but she's already had a.
from her, training that er Princess Marina, and said oh this is Joy and this is Jenny and er, she's done well and when I came away Jenny went just in front of me into Sue who works for me Sue she's, she's the, the area, the area manager.
and she said has.
come in?
I really feel she said, I hope that we can sort something out, but the next morning of course I was first on the list I had my formal interview, mine was half past nine, but when I got in there Sue, and Steve which was gon na be the head manager and this girl from erm Princess Marina who was gon na be the nurse.
who would administer all the drugs etc, erm, they come in and they said right just take a sit Joy and you know make yourself comfortable, I said oh fine and I sat, sat in the chair said well I'll sit with these for me dining room and I'll have four for me bedroom and.
do you want me to sit here then?
She said yes, cos they sat like one, two, three and I said hang on where's the plug, what time do you plug it in, you know,.
a mate of mine said dead right, she said now, were not used to doing this she said so if you feel you have n't had a fair crack at the whip.
on your interview she said I want you tell us because at the end of the, your interview she said, it'll help us to do the others, so they told us, giving me different situations, she's took a patient out to a cafe and the patient pinched a cake and eaten it, what would you do?
So I said well I've never been in the situation but I said if it, if it was, if I was in that situation I, asked to see the manager or person in charge, make an offer to pay for any damage that was done and if that did n't suffice then I would say well I am the care officer for a Mencap home and the only thing I can do is say will you er get in touch with my boss and it'll have to be sorted out from Head Office and she said perfect, you could n't do anything better, then she give me all different things that we've gone into the next day and the patient's done everything down the bed, what would you do?
So I told them what I would do, but once again I've never been in the situation but this is what I'll do, said as if they were me own parents make them as comfortable as I could while I'll cleaned up and give them a bed bath or if they could shower, shower them and erm and get everything back to normal as quick as possible, fine, that were all fine she, and then as, as I got up from it they all said thanks a lot Joy it has been great you really have been great you've made it easy, we've got an easy day in front thanks to you, you know you're bubbly and all this and then when she phoned me on the Sunday she said hello Joy it's Sue here and I, I said will you let me know one way or the another cos I said I hate being left up in the air.
she said oh yes you will, then she said to me I'm sorry to tell you you did n't make, she said you made exc, but she said I do n't want you to feel erm disgruntled she said because er, you done a fabulous interview, the only thing that let you down was of lack of experience, so I said well you're never gon na get any cos you, nobody let's you in, they do n't open the door.
I said I've been waiting six months now, I've given my life six months to wait for a job, I said, you ca n't get experience if you're not given chances.
so I said but I'm not disappointed but she said just listen to what I've got to say, she said, erm, because anybody else that's failed we've just said I'm sorry we ca n't have you, but she said with you, we all feel that you've got so much to offer she said I'm gon na offer you a relief post which means that you can go into other people's ho er other homes, all around, all different hospitals if somebody's short, they can call on you and I said could it be a full time job, will it give me enough money to say that I'm working?
She said I ca n't promise you, so I thought well I'm sat six months now, so I phoned this ship thing yesterday on the telly called Just Start, no Start Again whatever it's called and they gave me, they phoned me yesterday and they gave me a number of Cine Hill, Northampton which is the job advisory centre, adults education and then they phoned me yesterday and they told me who to get in touch with so I've got an appointment Thursday at erm Northampton with the Social Services Department and they apparently map out all the places where you could go, say, say for instance that St Crispin's is the mental home I can go there and be with the patients and then I can go to the Marina's and be taught how to lift and how to bed bath and how to manipulate.
sick people.
That's right, and she, she retired Friday so she said I must get you in before Friday cos I'm going round Thursday morning.
Well that's what she's gon na tell me so.
well I thought well if it checks me another six months at least when they say have you got any experience, but as I say I'm still in touch with Mencap and I'm still in touch with mine and I've also er put in for, what they call them mobility insistence for the Princess Marina which again an education and you just go in and be, be a friend to somebody and you take them out for an hour, er a couple of hours, you, and you're paid five pounds eighty for a two hour session.
whether it's the afternoon or an evening or weekend it's still the same price, but the, the mental patient actually employs you, you're not employed by the hospital, but they can only give you ten hours a week which is five session so that's only sort of twenty seven quid a week so you're.
yeah I did n't really want to go with.
I, I, you see, I do n't really wan na do Mencap, I did n't.
I, I did n't want mentally handicap I wanted mentally sick like schizophrenic.
alcoholic they abilitating teaching them to, to live again and, and getting into the community, helping them to shop and you know helping them to be self sufficient.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's right.
Yeah.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
They go to a bowling alley as well they do.
and they went.
Mm.
Oh they come from, they go.
you see, I mean what they do is soon as they've kicked them out in the mental homes they're having to put them in to erm, I mean erm, there are people who are not able to be on their own, I mean the ones they've kicked out are people that have been depressed and say well you've got to find, get your family to help, I mean, when you've got somebody depressed in your family you try and help them.
with their help and medication, I mean you do n't sling them out on the street.
I mean I do n't, I do n't know whether say they flung them out on the street is the right thing, cos I, I, I mean there's all these places like Mencap and there's a big one in Wellingborough.
and MindBlank which is mentally erm.
insane.
but there is a lot I mean, but how do you get in?
That's right, so I'm hoping Thursday it's an advisory erm session and they tell you what you should do, what you, how to get there, you know.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
Apart from that.
yeah apart from that you've got to know whether it's what you want to do.
I mean, I mean I know I do n't really want to work with old age pensioners, but I start in a.
no I do n't think I wan na just sit and wash somebody sitting in a chair.
No.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
that's right.
Yeah.
You can get rapport with them, yeah yeah.
That's right.
Yeah.
well I say I'm just, I'm just trying.
Yeah.
I mean he.
no, no.
Well I'm virtually unemployable, let's face it I mean.
Mm.
Well that's right.
But you see that's what you should do now you should get in and do it while you're unemployed.
Come here.
Yeah.
You ca n't afford it, course you ca n't.
that's what I said to mum, you know, that's why I so wanted to pass me, me test, cos I said to mum erm, see I kept it, I only had six hundred quid redundancy, six hundred and twenty eight pounds, that's all I had, apart, I had me wages what was owed and me holiday pay, but my, me actual redundancy cheque was only six hundred and twenty eight quid.
so I've put that away, I, it ai n't even in my account, Alan's got that and I said to Alan if I pass this test I shall buy a banger, five hundred quid with this tax money and then put the odd to insurance, if I do n't I'll leave it where it is, because I, I mean little one will want a holiday and that anyway so I've kept it for that, but that's what I intend to do, so I said to Alan if I get a little banger just enough to get me to Tettering and back I was gon na go tech, to do some courses.
see I ca n't afford the train for every bloody day.
it's one pound ten one way then you oh.
Do you want a cup of tea Joy?
make sure I see her this week, so she said oh she said Penny is a good girl she said er there was Penny and Margaret working at G P P and she said they were both doing test but she said come the end of day they only wanted one she said and for that, so she said Penny stood back and let Margaret stay to keep her job.
that's alright innit, you're just trying to get comfy.
I do n't mind whichever one you're making.
Mug please.
One and a bit.
Yeah go on then, that'll do yeah now this is the famous budgie is it?
That's your famous budgie?
Georgey, Georgey.
Is he?
Is he pulling his feathers then?
He'll have a sweet one then if you've got a sweet one.
Ai n't you?
Oh yeah.
Is there a butchers in Findham?
oh good Colin ai n't there now though is he?
Oh I thought he was still at Wellingborough.
Oh.
oh, very nice.
oh Dennis he's ever so.
He's ever so finicky Lyn.
No it's lovely.
What's he got?
Are you warm enough?
Sure?
Not on the settee.
You spoil him, what you got?
What you got?
Are n't you sure about that?
No, it takes a bit of time does n't it?
Yeah, with all, with all the running around at the hospital and all that, and now, and now.
and as you say if you go to college, but as I've said to Penny you know you want to try and find out if there are any courses that are going, if you want to get back.
into office work you feel you like, want to go back into it?
Oh, I tell you what.
everybody.
everybody said that what a.
Do you know the reason, the reason Maud phoned to told me it was the most hateful place.
Tim the, the life insurance, you know the man who still do the pensions on?
He said Joy it was a wicked.
Well it, you know what I call it, seeping sewage, I said.
Tell me off.
I think Geraldine remembers a lot of it I really do.
here ai n't she?
I know, he might have been a bit better, she, he had a fight, he had some Whiskers for his dinner last night, I tell him he ai n't.
Geoff cooked him a pheasant.
Yeah.
He's ever so spoilt that's the trouble.
No he do n't like nothing hard, he loves chee, he likes cheese and things like that.
yeah he'll, he'll eat it, he's following you.
No I'm alright.
Yeah.
Lyn.
Reggie do n't you think I'm fat enough?
Mm you've done a good job there if you do n't lose it again.
What is it a fresh turkey?
I, I do n't like frozen, I do n't cook frozen.
Reggie loves it as I say my nephew bought me two.
So I cook one the other day, and I cook one this morning, I've pressure cooked one for him, but he would n't look at it Reg is definitely.
Do you know what he likes?
He like lamb, but he likes all the rubbish, he likes, you know the best end of the, what you stew?
He likes all the rubbish, all the fat and all the gristle and the bones, but he wo n't eat that lovely bit of meat in the middle.
and, and neck of lamb he'll eat all the rubbish, but he wo n't eat the meat.
Oh he's forever, oh gordon bennett.
it's like.
Is that a new engagement ring?
No.
Bought it.
Yeah yeah.
Why ai n't it worth?
Oh ai n't that lovely.
Oh yeah.
That's lovely.
it's nice.
You know what you want to do, put it.
put it in a saucepan with some Fairy Liquid and bring it to the boil and let it boil for about six minutes.
Yeah, it'll clear all that.
The only thing you ca n't do is soft those, we can do diamonds, erm, the only thing you ca n't do is pearls.
yeah, but any hard stone and you'll never melt the gold cos you'll never get it hot enough, I always just chuck mine all in and erm.
It's lovely, it really is.
I'm trying to lose weight.
Do I?
I've put on over a stone.
for the first time in my life I weigh nearly nine stone a month ago, until me dad had died and then I, I lost three quarters of a stone.
Yeah, so how she doing not good?
That's horrible is n't it?
This is New Year's Eve?
Ah.
Yeah.
Oh.
Really?
No,.
Yeah.
Yeah but I mean you, there are times when you feel weak and that I mean.
no they never been in it,.
That's right.
until you've been there.
Mm.
Yeah.
fair to your control and once you get to.
your control you've, its nothing you can do.
I know.
Who's that?
Who's Tony?
Who's funeral your dad's?
He never.
Whatever for.
Are they spoilt?
Lost something put it down this morning.
I'll have to go backwards.
I'm sure, I'm sure.
that settee.
do n't want it, he's playing.
Look what he does at my.
Yeah,.
Ooh.
pathetic.
It's a good job that, he did n't take that mug that I've got, I'm a mug for a reason.
I have more pleasure out of my little dog than I have anything.
I love him.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh I love me bingo.
At the Crown, why?
Oh no folks do n't do what you ask.
nowadays, do they?
Oh I do n't know I get disillusioned.
Got it.
I got a brand, almost brand new one.
Divan with four drawers, headboard, like this headboard.
only it's a bit more rosier than this is like.
in it, the other one's, my one's rosy and erm, and a nice mattress, hardly used mattress, twenty five quid the lot, I'm well pleased with it, I've just had a lovely weekend, I've had Val and her husband over from Jersey.
who's been to Southampton erm to have this new, er what do you call it?
Erm erm scanner, magnetic scanner.
that one there that's advertised on telly, that looks all round the.
the spine.
and then it can take everything down into millimetres and whatever it is, and see exactly where the damage is.
and erm, she phoned me the night before last for the results come through.
but she sold her house in Jersey, her husband retires in July, the school break, and erm and she said I've got some good, er when I got home from wherever I'd been, Rudy left me a note to say phone Val good news and I thought it were her back was good news, but she said no me medical problems were not good news, they dare n't operate cos me back's in such a state and they have n't give her much hope for anything apart from a wheelchair sort of thing, later on in life and erm, but she said that I've got a bit of good news I've sold me house so I said ooh lovely, so she said I do n't know any more but I ring you and let you know, the next night she phoned me back, she said yeah me house has gone they got two hundred and twenty thousand for it, they wanted them out a week on Thursday.
She's going.
said she phoned me the night before last and she said she's been looking at flats I thought I'd just ring you to tell you we've been looking at flats and they range from two hundred and fifty to four hundred and eighty pounds a week for a flat.
So I said what you gon na do?
I said you'd be better off to book into a guest house.
and I, but you see John's ever such a funny eater, he's erm.
erm, do n't eat meat, what you call vegetarian.
He'll eat fish, but he wo n't eat meat and erm, so probably likes a he likes to do his own thing, I said well you ought to book in a hotel and.
bed and breakfast rather than have to pay out all that.
so erm, you know, you know my millionaire friends from Jersey that I used to talk.
about, Tim and Pat.
well they've got a guest house where they rent, they let five of the rooms off in the summer to such millionaires.
and they just do bed and breakfast and I said I'm sure cos she knows Pat, she knows Val through me.
so I said if you go up and see Pat I said I'm sure Pat will say well you know why do n't you use the kitchen and come and live in.
I mean if you're gon na pay them you might as well pay Val.
pay Pat and, and, and share her home.
at least you'll live in the land of luxury, so she said I might just do that, so, well I'm not getting involved, let them sort it out.
So erm I think John's got ta retire he suffers from these dreadful headaches now, they cri, they're killing him.
the pain is so intense.
I think a lot of it's just a whole, everywhere is discontent at the moment, I dunno.
I do n't know whether it's that we want much, too much.
but we're not.
but I tell you what Val's put me back on my feet.
ooh, when I told her how I'd been treated.
she said you let them treat you like that,.
I could n't believe it, she says I'm, well.
at the bingo the other night she.
She never even said to ask me.
Did n't you?
No.
I would n't have.
they said oh we've done.
they said oh hope we do n't have a.
reunion.
I'm sure that.
all the girls will want all to get together I said no.
I do n't want to know, I said I do n't want to know.
So she said.
Is that the one Pam went to?
What were it?
Is that the day Jane asked them about the pension, how much there'd.
Cor I do n't know all about it.
I just, I tell you what, I, I know it sounds nasty, but I am glad that Penny is some way has had something that has made her realised what that place was all about.
No.
she never, never could, and I said what I tried to tell you all.
I knew,.
I knew.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Penny who?
You think you see, my mate Penny.
but you see Penny's got no compassion, although she's me sister.
she's got no compassion for nobody else, as long as Penny's alright, Penny's alright and, I mean, I do n't, I do n't say, say your own, to be.
Mm, mm.
That's right.
not straight to me at all.
and there was only two people I felt comfortable, two and that was Barbara and June, that, that the two people I felt, one of them looked.
and when I said that to Penny she said well that's nice she said you've got ta lot of, a lot of friends at home, I said no, I have n't got friends.
I know people.
that put up with me, I know people that do n't like me.
and I know people that.
do like me, I can tell you all about others from three weeks after I there, I was there I could have told you everything about it.
Every one of them I told them all about peep hole.
looked what he's done to them.
He would n't even give Pam a typewriter, he sold it under her nose.
and he said I know who I'd believe, I said who would you believe?
She said well I know, cos when Elaine went to pick it up she said, Elaine told her I would n't want to make the choice out of two typewriters, I just said Pam did n't really care what she had as long as she had one.
and he said and, and, and Pam said when Elaine asked Keith he said if she ca n't come here and pick one up, she do n't get one, I said and that is as much as Keith thought about any of you.
I said and you all used to look at him as if he was bloody king.
when you're playing cards.
take me for a prat of the first order.
and I told you that from the minute he sat down and he started playing, I'm a card shark, nobody tells me what I know about bloody cards.
and when he used to say things about cards, I said you ca n't do that, but because he were who he is we had to shut our mouth.
but he were n't right.
and I told him he was n't.
I told him you do n't pull the wool over my eyes, you might pull the rest, it over the rest, not this one, I said if you wan na play cards.
with me, you play the rule, but when they came in and they said all this.
thank you, Keith, Daryl said to Keith I want a word now.
you know, and I stood there, I mean there were n't a lot, I did n't have no back-up, when everybody went.
there were n't many that sort, that felt the way I did, I mean I hated him, I really did and when he turned round and he said ooh Keith wants a few words I said to Elaine, look shit's gon na be it,.
I'll tell him or anyone, and I meant it, so he started on about this night at the bowling club, but it was his actions Joy, I want to know who's coming, we need to know, I thought but why's he fucking boss me about on my private time, anyway to cut a long story short they booked all this night out and I watched and I waited I thought let them clock that I'm not going, so then comes a phone call, David was in the bottom office so was the letter shark, and this phone call came over and David shouted up to all of us on the machine who's going on Thursday night?
Of course they're all putting their hands up by me see, and Da, I thought David would clock, and he never said a word, I thought he ai n't sussed it, anyway they went on this night out and the girls kept saying, Debbie saying oh Lynn just come, I said I ai n't got no intentions of coming, I said David's going amongst all the others I'm not going, so Debbie said why, I said why because David is nothing but a wanker, a lot, along, a lot of the others, she said, she nearly fell off the chair, gordon bennett she said I never thought you, I never realised you felt like that, I said Debbie if you knew half of what I thought you would fall off that chair.
and then the next day I was in that shop working away and on my life this was.
I said are you looking at me David, or is there a dog in here?
Cos I would n't, the only reason I kept stoom was for my redundancy, it was only six hundred quid, but every ha'penny I want to get off them, do you know what I mean?
He come hareing up, you know, he's a prat ai n't he?
He said where were you last night?
I said put that finger down and I might tell you, I said do n't point at me David I do n't like being pointed at and Maureen nearly fell over, Maureen stood there, she nearly fell over.
so he said I said I do n't have to tell you where I were last night David, I were out, so I said even if I were in it's none of your concern I said what I do in my private time is up to me, he said well why was n't you there?
I said I pretend I'd never heard that question David, because if I answer it I said there's a lot more.
could be at stake.
than my job then he said I presume you've got mixed feelings, I said no my feelings are n't mixed up at all, I'm quite, I'm quite sure of my feelings of what I know, I said David I would n't associate myself, I would n't drink and I would n't go out with anybody in this building and he nearly fell over and he said dare I ask why?
I said do n't ever dare.
cos I said you'll be here to midnight David and then on the day we were going he stopped me and Jane, little Jane, she was coming down the stairs behind me, I'd been up for a fax, and I do n't know where she'd been, she was behind me and as she come down the stairs I was listening and he said got her hand ooh he said I am gon na miss you my dear, so she said yes I'll miss Hodems as well, he said you have got a way with your words have n't you, he said for one strange minute I thought you were gon na say you'll miss me too.
I said oh David you are naive.
I said you're more naive than what I thought cos he hates, he hates me and vice versa, and he said er, who asked your opinion?
I said no bugger ever asked my opinion David but you can guarantee I'm always there to give it.
you see him, his face was like thunder.
Ah.
Oh I cried when Penny went I really did, I said you with a temper and that last day you know, we all got a bucket filled it up with ash trays, dog ends, bits of paper, oh I do n't know what was in it.
No, stuck it over David's head, he were on the phone to a client, we took a photo, somebody took a photo of it, we knocked on the door we said David have you got a minute?
He said no I'm on the phone and then they took a photo and that, Geraldine was there and they tipped the whole fucking bucket on his head, he had dog ends in his hair, and everything and he went you, he did n't know what to say, and we said see you David all the best.
Yeah no we have n't, no we have n't been paid yet, no that's, that's right we hate to got back with.
I saw her and I, I be honest with you I hid, I be totally honest and I'll tell her the same if I see her because I've just found out then that they could n't do any more for me dad and I really did n't want to speak or see anybody and I sat in the canteen on my own, I just said to me mum, mum on the phone I said mum I need to do this on my own I said I'm just gon na have a coffee in the cafeteria and I do n't know if you've been in there but the cafeteria is all glass and she pulled up in a white van delivering something to the office, I thought oh no it's Jenny she's the last bleeding person I want there, I do n't mean that.
you know, and so I avoided her, but I would tell her, but if I saw her I would say Jenny I must admit I did see you going in The General but I did n't come out because I was so upset, but I, I wonder what she's doing, cos she, I heard she's got her own business, but I ca n't see that.
Might have been.
The union money or your.
Which?
Who split the union money then?
Well that's, that's the trouble you see they're all mindless are n't they?
Did they?
No, she could.
No, she.
with Lynnette has n't she?
Who, knew it were who?
And Debbie.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, but they were all like that, they'd all stab you in the back.
I know me and Jenny had a do erm, when I went on post cash, you know when Janet was there?
Er, not Janet, Janet for Barbara's friend pretty Janet with the toner.
and also you know when Janet's doing a stint because you can see if Barbara's smokes well me and Jenny had a do that week and then you, it were my birthday on the Wednesday were n't it?
And we left on the Friday.
and, and Jan, Jan.
No I think you were there.
That's right, that's right.
cos there were only you and Marion were n't there and we knew somebody else would be kicked out.
Well you know where Penny's old desk were, where she sat looking up towards the, and Jenny sat there and Joan sat there, this Janet was sitting there and on that Friday morning when the phone had rung, well I got up and I went to go upstairs to take something or a fax coming for me or something, and as I went past Lynnette hit me on my shoulder and she said it's me Pat, Pat she said it's me, oh Pat I said what's, what's going on?
So of course I never thought no more, went upstairs and got me fax and on the way back Ann was coming downstairs, I said what's going on Ann?
She said it's a big, big cut off, if your phone rings you're out, so of course the phone were ringing, then it went to one in post, no it never, it went first from Ann from Lynnette then to Ann and then it went to Kathy and then it went to erm somebody else and then it come to me but I've got seven hundred thousand pounds worth of money on my desk that I were banking and Jane had got that job and Jane was on post in cash cos she ai n't got a job cos that thing with them shoes did n't take off and do you know.
Jenny said erm, this time it said I could n't stand, when we all come out at twelve o'clock and the shock had hit us and we sort of said oh well we're better off out of it, I'll, I've survived twenty five years without, I shall survive again, and when Jan, and Janet was so sick and then I turn round and Janet says I'm with you girl, I said where you going?
She said I just went in there and she said I could n't stand any more, she said do you know Joy she said you're one of the nicest people I know, she said I tell you what I've never heard in my life two people stab somebody like you're being stabbed, she says I could n't sit there any more.
so she said I, I went in and I said to Geraldine I'm going I owe you any bloody money take the bugger out me wages, she says I ai n't having people that I like being stabbed like that by people like that, she said she ai n't worth the salt of the earth, she's the salt of the earth she said with people like that pointing to Jenny and Jane, no way, she said and I'm going with my mates, I turned round and the next thing Janet and Janet and Barbara in there, when we got up the pub at twelve o'clock, course we were all having sandwiches me and Pam got the, me and er Barb got there, then Pam come in then a few more come and erm then the plumber and all that come in with them and I said oh girls we never clocked out, so I said oh well I'm gon na have to take my key back to Steve, burst out laughing, so I said oh no I said why do n't we have a key cracking competition so of course that's what we did we all took our keys out of our bag and we went ready for she's a jolly good ready, steady, fellow, for she's go and we cracked these ruddy keys and shoved them up in the air.
Dave face, ee, it was evil, and she said.
guess, her, her punchline, those keys are fifty pence each.
She did, I'd never forget it as long as I live, I thought to myself well you stupid cow, all she could think of was a fifty pence key, so I, I said to them, I said to the girls I'm glad to be out but of course when they all went cos there was Lynda and all the girls from customer service that were kicked out and all of us that were there and they all said oh we've got ta go back to work and we said oh ai n't that a shame you know, and we all went.
back to work and they all went.
Yeah he looked good.

Yeah.
Are you a stamp?
Derek?
Really?
No just ours!
Yeah.
Yeah.
Mm.
I think only us two.
No, I do n't want a glass, I do n't want any bitter.
No, I do n't want anything.
What for?
there's a glass there.
Now come on you lot of get one in this box!
Get one in that box!
Here it is.
No.
No, all the lot.

Eighteen.
Six and nine.
Mm.
teen.
Aha!
No.
Eight.
Twenty eight, two here we go.
Fourteen.
Ooh it's a bit of a long one, ha!
Fifteen two, fifteen four two six.
Go on then.
Twelve.
Yep.
You ai n't got none.
No, two P each.
Two eights.
And Derek.
Yeah.
And his what?
Yeah.
Good boy!
Mm.
Yeah.
Cut us a good one I'll cut it.
Yeah you did.
I.
Twelve.
How's that?
Twenty five.
Fifteen.
Twenty two.
No.
Twenty two.
Nope!
Twenty for two.
Ohhh!
Yeah.
And I think I got one.
I think I got.
Oh crumbs!
Shut up!

Aha!
She's thinking.
Two.
Oh what's that?
Yeah.
Twenty two.
Nope.
Three aha.
Seventeen.
See yeah.
Yep.
Twenty.
Fifteen.
as before.
That's a dozen.
Eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve.
Thir.
Could you give tuppence to.
Tuppence.
You and I.
Come on this mental intrigue it is n't doing you no good!
Mine yeah.
Something nice would be very nice.
Put something good in, nice?
You're a good lad!
Mm.
Er nineteen.
Eighteen.
I do n't get like it when she laughs, that's really annoys me!
Sixteen.
Twenty six.

Who?
For you?
Oh I said the wrong one!
I know!
A six would of been nice there though.
four.
Erm.
Two.
Yeah a two.
And four in now.
Yeah I do n't know.
Seven and eight were the only two.
that helped me.
Mm.

No just put a.
Did you?
Oh you've got.
What?
No.
Thirty for two.
Thirty for two?
Eight.
Nineteen.
I'm on my own.
Oh sorry!
A A dozen.
Yeah.
I had them.
last time.
Yeah, fifteen two, fifteen four, fifteen six and two's eight, not ten!
Fifteen two, fifteen four, fifteen six and two's eight.
Just cos you did n't want to pay us!
Ooh yeah you did, I can see it!
Good job you did!
Eight.
My king did n't do no good at all!
Nothing yet.
No we just had a dozen.
did n't I?
Yeah, only by one.
Yeah look two holes, that's all, there's only tuppence.
to pay at the moment either way.
Perhaps he is.
I spoke to my dad in town, he say, do you only ever play cards?
When she played all them tapes back, I said, do you only ever play cards?
That's all I have.
Shi shiver my timbers!
No.
Mhm.
Thirty.
All that way round!
Yes, fifteen.
Twenty seven.
Twenty.
No.
Twenty and one.
I got the same, four.
Oh, fifteen two, fifteen four five's nine, yeah.
You took it out.
I've got two, to turn up.
Two.
Four.
Psychological!
This is stupid!
Well ai n't you nothing?
Eight.
Thirty seven.
Four.
Yes you'd better!
Twenty three.
No.
Twenty.
Three.
Yep.
Two for you, one for us.
Was that a ten?
Yeah, he said.
two, three holes.
Fifteen two, fifteen four, fifteen six, and two's eight five, six, seven, eight.
How many pegs were, eight?
Four pence each, cor that's a bit under!

That's not four pence!
That's eight pence!
But there's four.
Disgrace!
A load of rubbish!
Mine.
oi!
Yeah.
Eleven.
How many?
Twenty two for six.
Nope.
Oh alright!
Eight.
Well we got the other one.
Twenty eight.
Fifteen.
Twenty nine.
Yeah that's all you got.
And I got fifteen two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, and two's ten.
Nice little turn up for me, that one.
One doz.
Erm just two I think, that's all, seven and three two's twenty two.
Five in and all.
so ahhh!
So does.
Just like that.
Twenty nine.
Four.
Twenty four.
Thirty.
Barely there.
Ten!
Twenty two.
Fifteen two, fifteen four, fifteen six, and two's eight.
That's a.
Yep.
Yeah very lucky.
And four.
Fif.
Seven Seven.
Five, six, seven.
Yeah!
Sha n't tell you again!
That's seven P we could of had!
Two.
What they get.



I remember that, yeah!

Oh!
Yeah.
Fifteen.
Two.


Ten.
Eighteen oh, I ca n't lay that!
I thought that was.
fifteen.
Twenty three.
Thirty one.
Fifty two,.
Ooh good one!
Fifteen two, fifteen four five, six, seven.
Two.
Oh!
I know.
We shall still whip you!
Nice!
No.
No, that's right.
Money, money, money!
Nine.
Ten.
Suppose so.
Eight.
Six.
Fifteen.
Twenty.
six for two.
So excited!
There's twenty two.
You are n't gon na get them!
Well you'll never get.

No.
He's still gloating!
Bloody hell!
Sixteen.
Fifteen two, fifteen four, fifteen six, two's eight.
We're still with you.
Clear the glass up.
You do n't need to.
Oh we make a bodge of!
You're well in front.
You're doing alright, you're doing fine, you need n't rush it.
At all.
No take your time.

Strategy.
Do n't really.
like it!
Do n't really like.
Ooh!
Did you?
You to go Stewart.
Make a name for yourself!
Twelve.
Oh!
Mm.
Fifteen.
Twenty eight.
Can you go?
Thirty for two.

Eight?
Score.

Fourteen.
So we're erm.
Twelve P out.
Six P.
Yes.
No, it's nice that.
Mm.
Mine.
Mine.
Dunno I'll tell you in a moment.
It's only them two cutting.
Right then,.

Eighteen for two.
Thirty.
No.
There are look, we got ta another.
now!
Right what are gon na lay now?
Ah!
Yeah.
Mm.
Eighteen.
No.
Have you?
Yeah.
Mm, good!
Mm, we did!
So do I!
Dozen.

Just got to.
Come on!

Do n't be so greedy!
You'd never get a match.
Mm.
Well that's no good!
Ah, what's that fifteen?
Eighteen.
Eighteen.
Thirty.
No.
Fifteen.
Twenty four for three.
No.
Er twelve.
Yeah.
No.
Ten.
Six yeah, yep.
Look at that.
six of queens!
Someone put the bloody five up!
Bad enough being a queen up!
Is n't it!
Two behind.
No.
sunshine.
Cut that pack you!
No.
Excuse me!
Only two.
Two P each.
Right.
Oh oh dear!
Yes, okay, it's about time you started.
Sit on the throttle?
Ah, God!
No wonder you got no milk when you get the other end!

Makes me fifteen.
Cor!
Twenty two or up.
Ooh!
Nope.
Thirty one.
Do n't you take any chances with us!
Twenty one for two.
Ca n't you go?
Oh!
No, I ca n't go.
But can you go again?
Oh I can, just put that back!
Mine's a six.
Two.
Sixteen twenty two for three odds.
Yeah.
I got nine.
Aha.

Yeah you will!
Oh yeah oh oh!
Five of clubs.
Eighteen.
It is.
Twenty four.
Thirty one for two.
Twenty four.
You want a seven to score.
to hit you.
Twenty four?
Thirty.
Twelve.
Twenty seven.
Twenty.
And that one.
Yeah, adjust it.
Is this four ours?
Four.
Oh!
I know, I've got fifteen two, fifteen four, two is six, two's eight.
Yeah.
Here are take one for his out.
Two's out.
Go!
Oh well do n't forget he goes bed at half past four!
Half past four.
That was good.
Mine.
Fill it up please?
You know that lot.
Well I've got it.
Well their not.
so bad!
Look.
Mine.

No.
I'll ta, just take it out cos he's not put it.
It suits me a treat!
Go on then.
You.
You!
Nine -teen.
Thirty.
Thinks he's on the wrong!
Twelve.
Aha.
Twenty three.
No ooh I'm glad I had that one!
Twenty eight no, twenty nine, thirty.
Sixteen.
Have you got it?
Oh, that's nice!
Twenty eight for six.
One Does he go one for you.
What's it?
Ooh!
Eight.
Yeah.
Si.
Four.
Twenty eight.
One for that.

Fifteen.
Fifteen two, fifteen four.
Yeah.
Aha.
Sweet and lucky in love.
Did well yes.
Me and got ta beat her!
If you send it over Derek's you would n't get much of that either!

Oh!
Ooh!
What is?
Oh what a load of dip!
Yeah.
I did n't think you'd be a Coronation Street addict.
Mhm.
That's enough!
Erm, when we were on the.
I.
Oh my God!
Thirty.
Nope.
Ten.
Twenty six.
diarrhoea, yeah!
Two.
teen.
And a one for that.
Four.
Fifteen four.
Four's eight.
Two.
I know, I know!
Ooh look I can swa.
Four.
he's got.
Four in his hand.
Yeah, twenty four!
Yeah.
It was.
Seven, eight and.
half a dozen there, and there's a dozen.
there that is.
No.
Do you mean he's earnt a pay?
You want.
your back pay?
Yeah.
Oh look there's pop sockless clerk!


Oh stop it!
Have you ever heard that one.
before?
It's not good for you.
Just put some ooh ah!
That's it.
Yeah well you wo n't.
Fourteen.
Oh sorry, sir!
No.
Stop!
Ten.
Got no choice!
Ten, nineteen.
Ooh yeah.
Who's got the box.
I'll do it.
Seventeen.
Two.
Three.
Fifteen two three, four, five And.
two, three, four, five, that's a good one!
Now you know it feels!
Twenty.
six.
It's nothing!
You said that just like a Jersey bean now look my men!
Do you know I had the.
I had the funniest hand.
Oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no!
Is that the one?
Ahhh dear!
Three.
Nineteen.
No.
Twenty.
nine.
Thirty.
You can get your twos out.
Fifteen.
Twenty three.
Four.
Two.
three, four, five.
Twenty nine.
No.
Thirteen.
No I have n't.
No.
got one.
How many?
Four.
Ooh!
No, you ai n't having them!
Yeah.

So it's three, four, nine and a king.
and a jack turned up.
Ohhh!
Oh oh!
Mm.
tur, tur.
Oh my God!
He's trying.
to make an excuse!
King!
Yeah, I did know there's one in there, and there's woh oh!
Twelve and two.
Yeah.
Ooh!
It's fifteen, twenty one!
Thirty for two.
You did it?
Go!
Go!
To you.
Ten.
Twenty two.
Ooh!
You ai n't?
Twenty seven.
No I can go thirty for three.
Yeah.
I'll have, one.
Cos he had four, five and.
I laid the three!
Yeah you see!
Thirty two.
teen.
You've spent it, ha!
He has n't got nothing!
And I've only got two.
Fifteen three.
fifteen four, fifteen six, seven, eight, nine.

They've got it!
Ooh!

I put that five in there!
I'm putting the king in!
Stewart dear,, no you take wha.


No.
Yeah.
Saturday night.
We were only according to me!

He's saying nothing!


I have and that one!

Oh dear, that's a shame!
Well I never!
We.
straight in!
Twenty two.
Four.
Twenty four, twenty eight.
Ooh look!
ten.
Twenty six.
Twenty six.
Yeah you picked right up there.

It's a P each.
Dozen!
What you got, a pair?
Two, the same.
Twelve.
Just a P.
It did n't work.
then?
Yeah.
Ooh ooh, your lot!
Yeah, well you should of done that five hands ago and then you'd have been seventy five pence down!

There's no need to hit me, I'm you're friend yo.
now?.
Ooh, look at these!
Mm.
He's saying no!
Derek's turn.
No, I do.
Seventeen.
Twelve.
Twenty six for two.
Ten.
Ten.
Thirty for two.
And again.
Twenty three.
Thirty.
You only go.
Fifteen two, fifteen four two, six.
Fifteen two.
two's four.
six, seven eight.
Yeah fifteen two, and two's four.

Yeah, well!
Say no more!
Five.
I put that hat in.
Ooh dear!
Ohhh!
Mm!
Nice!
Nine.
Yeah.
Nineteen.
No.
Thirty one for two.
Ooh ah!
Thirteen.
Twenty two.
Twenty two.
Mhm.
Nope.
Oh! oh! oh! oh!
eighteen.
Twelve, twenty two.
No, you know that one.
I'll get.
Good!
Terrific for me!
one.
No.
I dunno.
Eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve.
Fifteen two fifteen four.
and four's eight.
Twelve.
I got two threes and I've got er two little ducks.
I've had a few.
Two twenty fours.
I think it's your partner, he's not pushing the cards round to you.
So have I.
Twenty seven.
Twenty nine, thirty.
No?
Twenty seven.
Yours again.
She's got.
Twenty seven.
Seven.
Fifteen two, fifteen four fifteen six and two is eight.
I got two, just the one!
Five, six, seven, yeah.


Hand up!
We did.
We knew what were in there!
Ooh!

Eighteen.

I dunno.
You okay?
Jaws!
Jaws box!
Nine.
Fifteen.
Oh dear!
No,.
Yep.
Seven.
Yeah he is.
No, you went up.
You're going up there now.
Yeah, you went down.
You did!
You're doing it again!
You did.
You did, I know you did, cos you were eight in front of us.
Yeah.
I know whether you have.
Seven.
Seventeen.
Twenty nine.
Got six, seven.
Twenty five.
No?
One out each.
Ooh!
And six.
I got fifteen two, fifteen four, five, six, seven.
And.
one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine that six is fifteen, and one sixteen!
That was very good!
Want some arsenic?
Say, okay yeah!
Are you being?
What's?
Do you want this one?
One like this?
That's the one! that's the one!
That's the one.

Thirty three.
Twenty for two.
Ten.
Twenty nine.
Fifteen.
Twenty two for three.
Twenty one.
Three again.
Stewart!
Twenty.
That five, yeah, makes it!
Oh!
Five seven.
eight.
Yes it is cos the.
yeah cos Derek were going backwards when we went round the corner were n't we?
Fifteen two, fifteen four and two's six!
No!
You've got the first lead.
Aha!
Yeah.
I know!
And that five.
Yeah another twenty four!
Twenty four.
Twenty five it will have been.
Yeah.
No, sorry, twenty, twenty one!
Sorry!
Mine.
That'll be.
Alright.
Have a look down that box.
No, in my hand cut me a jack and give me two.
Jack.
Ooh!
Four on there.
Three.
Three.
Nine.
Eighteen.

I only had two kings!
Put them in the box!

How much is it?
Three?
Yeah.
Wait till we get a two.

Oh dear!
Can you remember?
Yeah,.
You go, you go.
Five.
No.
Penny ah!

In fact, you're gon na double up.
Er to, to, to.
Yeah put it on table, that'll do.
It's only in front first time round.
No!
Nine to ace.
That's the peeper, you wan na say who you had.
I'll have a look.
Hello!
Hello!

Two.
That's mine.
Here you go then.
quite lucky!
No.
And you had the last show, cos you're the first looker.
No.
You could park it on.
No, no.
Just remember what it is.
I'll have a look.
Two.
You are stupid!
Ooh!
Let's see.
No.
Two each, that's right.
yeah.
Put them in the box.
Put the kitty in that.
You had a good shot there.
And they did.
Not any good!
Three.
Go on then.
One, two, three!
Yeah.

My queen's asleep!
What do you have?
Three.
Derek's deal.
Yeah.
Do n't please!
And then you split them!
Yeah I know that!
Phone!
No!
That's it!
That's right.
Ace.
Six four's.
Oh ah!
Urrgh!
No.
Yep.
You do what you like!

Ha!
I'll have a look.
Yeah your lead.
First one's your trump.
Jus just keep your money there!
It's alright.
Mm nice one for that.
That's one.
Two.
Two.
Shall I?

Well why did n't you then?
Well, sometimes they are n't.
Yes please?
No.
We're using it.
Ooh!
Ooh, ooh, ooh!
This is better.
No.
No I do n't.
Tea factory.
You know Briggs's.
I'm.
Who?
Yeah.
Morris?
Oh yeah, somebody ordered that the other day, but I've never.
, that's from a long way away that name.
Oh yeah!
Eddie.
Yeah, Cookie that was Eddie.
Eddie.
And Eddie, no.
, yeah.
Mokey oh!
I shall have to erm.
Keith were telling me his.
wife's took vo, voluntary re redundancy yesterday.
Mm.
Whitworths night duty.
No, Keith yeah.
Mm.
Cases of all gone down.
There's.
now pricing on them.
What Harrison?
Wha, wha What are they to do, with the garage people?
Are they?
Yeah.
Young girl!
Young girl eleven year old killed her outright, and the mother was found along the street and she's seriously ill!
Saturday.
night!
Half past nine Saturday night!
That'll be where they've left they.
Left three children there and took the took eleven year old for a wa, dog for a walk, and nobody knew she'd left them there, cos she did n't come back until Sunday afternoon at three o'clock!
So they were on their own all that while!
The other's only eight!
Eight, five and three.
Cheers!
Ooh that looks nice sugar!
That's nice sugar, is it demerara?
Really!
Oh, looks nice!
If I'd have that she would be glad had knocked her sis, sisters into the garden and did n't know she was there!
Yeah she'd left the other three in at home.
Oh yeah, they're alright!
It is awful!
That's what I say you.
Yeah.
What was it?
It was erm erm, a turbo.
An X R three turbo.
On the.
And they was yeah, one was only twenty!
One was eighteen, one was twenty!
Too right!
They do n't much!
Yeah, you know Joe had a a bump in his car erm on his front left side?
Maureen was telling me today that erm he erm too, she took it to the garage and there was two bills laying on the table, one were for two hundred and sixty odd and were four hundred and seventy some odd.
so she said I thought to myself when I went in I hope the two hundred pound one's mine, Joe'll go mad if it's over four hundred!
She said and he picked them up and put them both together and it was seven hundred and odd she had to pay out, for her car!
Yeah, and that wa, she said well it's an insurance job she said well it do n't matter, you stand the first hundred pound and then erm then the VAT so she said I dread to think what the price of the job were on the insurance!
So she said shall I get any of that back?
She said only get about seventy pound back, which is the VAT.
That's a lot of money innit?
And she all an and she were also telling me that erm Ben er two boys at school set about Ben the other night and beat him up!
And Joe was so livid when he get in from work he went out and found them and smacked one of these kids nearly to death!
Joe, she said Joe could be in trouble, I said well.
I said it's about time somebody started on these kids I mean the been a television programme this morning about people living in their homes afraid of going out because they're getting molested and and robbed, and one thing and another!
About time they started doing something about it!
Mm.
So I say it's a bit bit al bit silly innit really!
We enjoyed erm we enjoyed our walk though this afternoon it's beautiful down Ringstead there's lo, some beautiful, there was a heron and some swans oh lo, hundreds of ducks!
And erm.
Yeah, the one that lays near Addington Road.
You know which one I mean?
You've for part of the walk, you walk right along the Addington Road along just inside the Addington Road where the bridge is, do you know where the bridge is?
Well that's the canal, that's the lake where we walk round.
Maureen thoroughly enjoyed it, she said I said do you come along here on your own?
She said, no, no she said I would n't come on my own and she said there's, it's too desolate!
I said well I I do n't mind a walk.
So who you playing tonight?
Mothercare or Boots and.
things like that.
Yeah.
I rang mine in Wellingborough.
Yeah Come on Benjy!
Come on!
Good boy!
No.
Just the same as, see there's so many out of work the amount of people that are going for the jobs, there's so many of them they erm they're all got some sort of experience, even if it's just doing a a week.
So I think I've got ta just get in and get my erm head down and and do some sort of home training.
and er as I say, this woman at this Department of Health, where I'm going tomorrow she'll probably get me in contact with erm er people that'll help me to do the bits that I need.
I mean yo.
it ca n't take you that long to learn to lift somebody properly!
Yeah if you have to learn how to do something properly, there's a right way and a wrong way.
just every now and then minimum wages.
Come on, Benjy!
I think there is a multi-storey adjoining the Grosvenor Centre.
But that's not the one cos you have to come out of there and cross over.
I think the one on the Grosvenor Centre is erm you know where the big bus station is?
I think it's along side that, behind that remember we got in the wrong lane one day and we.
had to go round.
Looks as if old and Annie are busting up dunnit?
Yeah.
Maureen was saying today she dreads if Kinnock gets in!
Ninety five balloons?
Did ta, Katy take her organ with her?
Did she?
When she went?
Mm which job?
Is he?
Where?
Who's that for?
Oh!
Yeah.
Does he?
Oh!
And tips.
work days as well?
That's alright innit?

Can you?
He gets his money regardless?
Oh!
Where does he go then?
Does he, does he go round the the works?
Oh.
It's a pity he do n't go and do that it's a pity he ca n't drive and go and do that.
He.
he's getting they pay sixty pound, I mean that.
Yeh.
for my dinner he said do n't.
And I said the thing is, she'll pick him up off the floor or she'll pick him up out the basket and say if you do n't give me some money for some drugs I'll chuck him on the floor!
Then that'll be him dead then wo n't it!
I said if that's all you care about your baby well.
Yeah yeah.
I told her it I says she do n't wan na lose this child, I said if the worst comes to the worst she'll have it herself.
She's probably picking one with Wendy, but she's picked the wrong one with me cos I know too many loop holes!
I had all this before with rights.
Oh no!
Benjy!
Benjamin!
You're a pain in the whistle!
Pain in the whistle!
You're all sticky again, and look at you!
You're supposed to be a little picture book!
I'm gon na stop you from pi, ay!
Excuse me!
Ay!
I'm gon na stop you from going out and playing in the muck!
And the mud!
Do you know he ai n't been sick since I cut that me hair from round his mouth.
No.
I'm sure them long hairs, get them round his mouth, I'm sure they got in his mouth when he was sleeping, cos he always sleeps on his back.
and they got in his throat and he could n't get up.
and it were making him bad.
I was saying to Maureen, me and Maureen took them round Lakes yesterday.
and he he saw this dike this dike and he went straight in, he.
thought it were road he put all four in, and he went down, up to.
he and he were like this in the water I had to go down the bank I grabbed hold of him in the middle of his back, just turfed him out.
I just grabbed hold of him like this and then.
straight out the water!
I said I do n't know what he'd do cos Reakstead Lake's deep!
I had n't been over there.
Ya.
What're you doing any way?
Ay?
.Well I expect we ought to go over, do some work got you a loaf, but I did n't get nothing else, if we just pop round by Swiss Bakery.
I'll go around the one way system.
Did you see them things I bought this morning?
Bet she.
How much do you think?
Six ninety nine.
I got myself a pair of white jogging trousers, ooh they're large!
Two ninety, ninety nine.
So I bought some black plastic bags fifty pence.
Two sets of pillow cases.
for a pound each look!
They are alright are n't they?
I quite like them.
They got quilts they got.
quilts and pillows for one nine, one ninety nine for a quilt, nine ninety nine for a twelve point five tog quilt.
Twelve nine ninety nine for a twelve tog.
This shop that's shutting.
down.
Yeah I think they're double.
That one I bought for Je that bed that for twelve ninety nine for.
Not.
You ought to have a quilt for the summer.
is n't that nice, they've got them in all colours!
Every colour you can.
think of!
They have, everything I have is pink!
And I've washed.
washed my pink one yet.
and erm it's gone all so, it's, it was old and it was er.
Six ninety nine!
I tell you our night really told you One night I was standing, we were getting ready to go out to do a show and I was ironing in the kitchen and it were about six o'clock at night and all of a sudden Rudy come flying at me like this all over me, I thought Christ not this time of bleeding night!
You know what I thought!
I said what's going on?
And I were on fire from head to foot!
My iron had blown, you know whe where the plug, plug comes.
out, it had blown and a flash had gone onto my cotton dressing gown my towelling.
dressing gown and it had just gone straight up and the flame.
I did n't know, I was stood there ironing!
I was on fire from head to foot!
Said I.
No we never got the fire engine out we just er we just when we got.
when we got home we sat eating we'd got home from a show then and we were sat eating supper, and it were about half past three in the morning and we sat talking, I said to Rudy I'm sure I can smell burning!
He said no!
Well I said, I can.
And we went all round the bed and we went all round outside, we went all through the back smelt outside Jane's door in case she'd she were on fire could n't find nothing, sat down and read, he said it's cos the telly's on and I expect it's damp and it's you know.
smelling.
Went to get in the bed and as Rudy pulled the quilt off the smoke gushed out!
And when we looked it all er all, it had gone all the way through the mattress.
almost through, it just.
starting a little brown smoulder mark it were like that all the through the electric blanket of course all the through the the sheets all through the sheets and blankets and it had just coming through the top counterpane we used have a.
what do you call it?
Erm.
Tor, too, no, what do you call them?
Them twilly things like.
Ca, erm what do you call them?
Yeah.
Yeah no.
what do you call them?
Coconut.
No.
Anyway, I never thought, I just run out the kitchen and got we switched the electric off, and I just got four buckets of water and chucked it on the bed and then said to Rudy, you know what, we have n't got nowhere to sleep now!
So we turned the mattress over and got in bed!
In the water!
Just got in, well it were n't, it had n't gone right the way through, we just turned it over and chu, chucked the sheets and blankets back on once they'd stopped smouldering and got back on it!
Slept on the top of all these filthy things!
They'll obviously say can you keep it covered.
As soon as you let the air in.
Why do you put it on that early?
Yeah.
Yeah, oh yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah.
Yeah I know.
Well is it.
to do with etiquette do you think?
Well it's like, but it, you always say oh it's Mr and Mrs, you do n't say.
you do n't say it's Mrs and Mr.
But do you?
Never write on.
an envelope, Mrs and Mr!
So we always.
put the Mr first.
Yeah esquire.
