
Mm.
Mhm.

That's right.
Mhm.
Mm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, it'll probably be me.
Yeah.
Mm.
No, no problem.
Aha.
Yeah, well if that's alright, only as being that's the, what I call the end of month, like I've got to pay all of the bills and they must get it until the next, the end of the month.
the whole lot.
Mm, no.
Mhm.
alright.
Yeah.
Say you've got a.
Yeah, well I do n't think we plan any at the moment do we?
No no.
Thank you.
Right we'll see you next week.
Yeah.
Yeah.
bye then.
Is it on?
Well what shall we talk about, the weather?
Did you want another cup of tea?
And, what on earth is this film about?
Well he was just now, yeah.
anyway I must get on my letter to June.
for it.
it is.
Now she's gone, did she put my.
I do n't want to lose that one.
that is the best pen I have.
so I'll leave all that there and then.
You'll have to read through all that.
and er, it's simpler than me doing it anyway in the.
What your jumper?
Well then tomorrow I must make a little list, see cos I want to finish that baby's jumper.
to send to Malta.
and erm.
Yeah, it's a girl now we know what it is do n't we?
Er.
Yeah or go down and buy a couple of those little roses, which is much simpler.
innit?
You know much nicer we really want it very, very pretty.
running, not very big er mat matinee jacket though is it really?
You know.
I think it's rubbish anyway.
I think so.
Mm, it's amazing what they can do though with make-up and.
just trust Fletcher, she's quite smart and nice ai n't she?
what?
Dunno.
Oh I, I want to go to.
erm possibly the wool shop, erm square one and Abbey National, I think I ca n't think of anywhere else at the moment.
Did you go in there?
No.
Dunno, well you ca n't talk all the time you'd have a sore throat would n't you?
I mean it's, it's general I suppose I mean if it would be better to switch it on and off which you can do and er, you know, I mean we ca n't sit here continually talking.
I'd never get my letters written anyway so if you want to switch it off, I'll get on with my letters and erm you do your knitting and I'll, what is the time?
I've got to do the potatoes yet.
Well.
otherwise we leave it for an evening just have general, I mean if we can she wants us to do the whole twenty, she said she'd be delighted, there was Yorkshire Television on her car keys.
Yeah I that.
It do n't mean anything at all, but then nevertheless, I mean they always want somebody to do these sort of things it's all, all for a purpose I suppose.
I do n't er ta very much.
Surveys yeah, but I mean from your and my point of view we do n't sit here talking all the time, but when your father gets in then there's talk.
er work and that.
No.
Well if I get this letter done and then we'll get the envelope, get the stuff for Malta, sort out what I'm gon na send.
see what I'm gon na, well, see if I can get the little.
rain jacket for Annaleigh get the jacket done, get that in for Ian and something in for Claire and then when you go down town you can do it for me.
Yeah, but it wo n't be ready will it?
Ca n't be ready cos the little jacket ai n't erm.
for.
Well I might have I just do n't know I think I mean I used a load at, why, want white?
I used, I used yellow that I'd bought.
but erm.
I do n't know, I just do n't know anyway I mean it only needs a yard do n't it?
That.
they like all that.
Well I should of bought some.
same time I would think, never mind I will go and get some now.
yes.
no not really, all that money, I mean in the end is it worth rescuing I say, I know it's sport and I know what about it, but, it's an awful lot of money though.
Yeah.
high powered innit?
It's not only that it's all money innit, that's why.
Yeah, I thought about that last night try and be quieter.
Oh interesting.
I think.
oh.
It's not on oh.
I know that.
right.
I do n't know what else I've got.
Five, five?
is there?
tomorrow then.
Policeman, I thought it was a woman, yeah.
Oh I see, I thought it was a policeman doing it today.
oh that's a.
innit?
she'll probably be one of the cleverest people you'll ever meet.
What time does your father get in?
It's about half five innit normally?
Oh is it Friday?
yes Freda all dressed in red, right well if I start.
I know it's horrible innit?
I'm gon na start.
I do n't know where he is tonight do you?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Who goes down the Railway?
Oh crikey.
Now he is, yeah.
Mm, oh dear.
Well it's alright as long as it does n't get to be like I said it could, these are lovely stamps you know.
I've never had this one.
Oh I ai n't seen it yet, ha, S C R U signet, S I G N E T, S I G N E T that's how you spell it signet, I'll start using these things.
Aha, I'll throw them away most of time, it's quite nice are n't they really?
There's Molly just come home.
Alan's got to be away you know.
he's got to be.
wait, oh no crusting they you are look, there's plenty of -ing words.
go on have a look darling.
Mm erm.
Well I shall go and.
on the big way now, she's preggy.
oh it's very smart I have to say that, I mean when you've got something like that you only need a skirt and a top.
Yeah, absolutely, yeah.
S T R O stow S T O W well that's no good, B E O R O S T R E S T O no for restore we want another E look.
Twerps.
twerps.
Oh look at that.
I think we're.
anyway, certainly what is the date today?
Sportier yeah well as you say I mean a lot of these words you would n't want chancing yourself, would you?
Yeah well I suppose so one of the, it must er ha, you want a U now.
Oh R, Q, X, Q, X, Q, X, Q, X.
Yeah afraid so.
S E X sex, fate, S H I I wo n't see the other one G H.
Yeah that's right hats oh what's that then, father's home.
It's early innit?
well I'm not doing those am I?
Cos I ca n't be bothered that's why.
What's this half a day then?
We just sat here just now and said that you'd be in about half past.
half past five, I ca n't remember.
ah?
Yeah, that's what we said actually.
Yeah.
A survey, we've got a microphone going.
Mm, you see my letters where you, where, did they come when you got here?
Before you went?
Connie and June.
June yeah.
I thought it was Ann.
Yeah.
No, erm, well cos you saw her did n't you?
Er Jack.
Jack down the pub and er.
You did yeah.
It was quite a long letter actually.
she's hoping to go and have her knee done.
Well she'd been waiting because he's on full time again now.
You knew that?
Oh is he?
Only twenty.
Talk for twenty tapes.
and I get paid twenty five pounds.
Oh Yorkshire Television she had er on her key ring were n't it Bev?
well yeah, unless it's something you do n't want them to hear.
she said that and she said she do n't mind us swearing she said I'll leave you fourteen, it actually says twenty tapes in the, bits of paper but she said if you could fill twenty I'd be over the moon did she say?
Anyway she'd knocked at the door and er, I said to her oh I do n't have to buy anything and she said no, no and erm.
Yeah.
I think Mr has died.
well she said a couple of funeral cars.
And then er she looked over and.
well er it's got ta be him, it's not her and erm, she came.
What Mrs?
Oh she's a.
I would of thought would n't you Mick?
yeah, she's always buzzing about, but erm, no this lady came back.
with the tapes and the recorder and she said I nearly knocked that door, you know.
and erm I said well.
Well you're still doing it.
yeah she said do n't worry about the.
I mean I would n't think of her sending the camera over.
Yeah.
Ian coloured them all the way, the way in Malta and when you read the letter.
Oh it is a funny letter mate, well it's a Connie letter Mick.
of her, her bits and pieces.
I'll read it to you, eh?
It's ever so funny.
Oh I'd forgotten about that, right I had to go back a couple of times did n't I Bev?
To make sure that I was reading it to Bev right, but then you understand it's a Connie letter do n't you?
eh what she needs is what we need for the summer weather Connie, my brother is.
No I've done Jim.
only I want to send this packet over now look with the baby coat and all that well I wo n't be able to post it tomorrow cos it wo n't be ready.
Oh you've been out nearly every day ai n't you?
what?
Well shut it off then.
alright then, he's reading.
You'll just have to keep on doing it that's all.
You do n't have to do it every time.
They are nice little letters, this one just as hard to understand.
that's what Bev said I could n't even think who Belle the dog was and dad had to remind me.
Oh they're coming out pretty good today are n't they.
I've never heard of it.
Oh lovely.
No.
We're on now okay?
Well I've got to get through right so you do the papers then and I can, only we do wan na go to square one and er we both need that sort of thing.
Well if they're that price I mean we'll er go into it wo n't we?
It'll certainly do us at the moment in the winter wo n't it?
Otherwise I mean er, there is better ones there, but.
Well it is and I mean they'll be simpler would n't they, than pulling up things like this I mean if we're not gon na get out there, Rosemary says she gets out there about nine o'clock, do n't she?
Well cos.
I dunno, do n't matter anyway, erm, but you see that one is half past seven to half past eight.
so we do n't need to go down that early Bev.
Yeah, but so do they, and their official time is half past seven to half past eight innit?
Yeah.
No oh well we'll go and we'll see then, try it this week and next week and then see, see from there wo n't we?
But er it's pretty chilly you know ai n't it?
Ah, yeah but it's, it's damp is n't it sort of.
I know it was I went out, that's an enormous place over there you know.
Yeah.
Power store?
Well that one over there look should be the W H Smith one you see.
yeah well that's what I understood anyway, were n't it?
Cos that's been shut for ages innit?
No ultimate was in it was n't it?
With it, that was the electrical place.
What are you doing?
Dreaming.
Oh.
you've got to slow it down.
No.
Well do n't do it again then.
Who?
Graham's, oh yeah.
you would n't think so apart from their regulars that's all I can say.
Graham's them.
But, you know they've got ta.
What erm?
Yeah he did.
Well, I mean you wo n't get.
no, you wo n't get the erm passing type trade, I do n't think.
I do n't think you will, but er.
you, you.
Yeah.
Yeah well I mean that's right, but I say, quite seriously the prices in these exclusive shops.
today, I do n't er.
Of course they, do, course they do, well you wo n't get the passing trade where people want half a dozen shirts.
you know just, just fashion again, innit?
You wo n't get any of that.
I think so, yeah.
Mm I did n't ca n't I?
Well just to see how she is, I mean we have n't been down there.
and er, you know it's just a contact really is n't it?
I said I'd keep contact and.
I mean she could come up to us, but she always seems to be rushing about, here, there and everywhere do n't she?
No, alright then, I ca n't anyway, oh.
Oh.
right we'll get back here then and, not having to go to the post office now will be a help cos that really is the other end of town innit?
It is cold that innit?
Oh, I do need some trousers I ca n't bloody, these are all coming apart anyway.
all round the waist.
Yeah.
and I mean really and honestly that not worth bothering to sew them up, they'll do for work, but that's all.
It's a chilly wind you know, I hope we've got a better bus tonight.
well I mean that one was just a bad, a bad effort.
Yeah, I mean he did say, he did n't really oh, realise the heater was gone.
Well I thought it was, but who knows you never know which way they're going here.
Yeah, but, sometimes people do n't use them do they?
Ah?
I did tell him it was.
what's name did n't I?
I did n't bring my gloves.
cos I had a cigarette in one pocket and this thing in the other you see.
This is a pretty little shop innit?
Oh, oh well it could of been worse I suppose, it's Saturday again look oh my hands are cold mm.
yeah, mm yeah that's necessary innit on a Saturday?
That does n't matter, whatever.
Have you got another pen?
That's alright do n't worry.
Hiya Marge.
that was a marathon were n't it Bev?
Is it sorted?
well it's Pat, she's ever so nice.
Yeah, well she's really good I mean.
I was in front of Bev when I went in there and I said to her.
go to Pat because some.
of them are such dickheads.
I mean there's one in there particularly that.
messed up both of us.
there's one of them that messed up both of us.
I do n't deal with the bank the only thing I got it now.
Yeah, no all I do is two insurances in the Midland now, I had so much hassle.
that er I, two insurances I take the money in every month.
and there's about what did I put it?
Oh I had to put that postal order in there, there's about fifty quid in there.
and, and I puts the insurance money every month and they take it out, I do n't touch the blasted thing now.
Oh yeah, yeah.
you've got trouble.
We've got to go in here, yeah.
see you then, ta ta, oh they've still got them oh, god that was freezing.
What?
What do you mean?
That's the ones innit?
There.
three to four.
That's fine innit, let's make sure it's alright, it's lovely innit?
It's nice to have two different ones Bev because er.
I'll just have a look at these shirts up here no, they're nice Bev.
they're nice are n't they?
Oh we'll come down another day and look, that's nice innit?
Oh is it?
Now look at the beautiful colours though.
Alright, I'll go and pay for this.
What's that?
yeah, oh they're nice.
thanks very much, oh.
thank you, oh, that wind was bitter in the end.
Thanks very much, ta.
go and look over the shoes Bev and see if there's, what sevens there are would you.
please?
Thanks a lot.
Ta no I do n't like them, cos I've got a high instep look, here I'll, I'll, it'll cut me you see.
Yeah, bloody hell they have n't half sold some ai n't they?
Yeah, but they.
Very luminous, threes and fours in the black, there's the plimsolls fours, fours, they're not are they?
Nothing there.
Bo I do n't want those again do I, what are those fours?
No I, I really, I've got ta be very careful, that'll be better cos it's got the elastic, right we'd better get on then had n't we?
No it do n't matter I got this, this is what I wanted.
Yeah and we want to go to Square One do n't we?
Well if we go to Square One now oh I'm glad you saw that.
What here?
Oh.
oh is that for the red?
Oh we wo n't faff about in here we'll just.
Well if they've gone, they're gone are n't they?
Five ninety nine.
Oh.
oh that's the other one's innit?
Oh they're nice.
very nice seventeen ninety nine.
small to medium here, five ninety nine, I'll have a look at the top and see if there's anything else, what are those?
Well I'd prefer black.
Oh what are those?
That erm, that's them innit?
Have they got a straight bot.
Oh I wonder what they'll be like, I do n't want them as tight as those others, yeah but it's the legs and that, those others of mine, when I got them back they were really very ti tight.
Well I'll go and try a pair of those, small, medium, then you've got a large I'd expect, well I'll take a large as well, right.
Oh let's try that one then.
Erm I've got two can I try them on?
Right, thanks, oops.
Yeah.
Alright then.
They're nice stuff this, much nicer than the other ones, it's all in a mess, sorry, I'll have.
small, medium, I'm sure that's what I had, no they feel nice though, I did n't like the feel of the other ones, I expect there's enough money in there, I've got me plimsolls to put on.
yes they're hard those oh I did n't know how to do it, no wonder that'll, that'll be fine first thing wo n't it?
These socks are no good for these.
I was cold.
Sorry?
Longer what dear?
oh that's a good one, yeah, sorry, no they're good ai n't they?
Right hang on there Bev, money right that was softer than other ones, I'll come in another day and have a good root round.
have these great.
right, super thanks very much, bye, oh they're lovely stuff, what she on about the kiddie?
Ha.
Over at Basingstoke and I had a look in the shoe shops, and that, they would be very handy for me erm lace up though.
but these were are all crumped and I do n't want clumsy ones cos you feel as though you've got Doctor Marten's or something on you know.
and they look it though, they look it, that you know, they really do.
Yeah, yeah and they're sort of grey, I'm not sure if she got them in a charity, I'm certainly sure it was n't bought in a shoe shop, cos she goes round every charity, she wo n't go in, you know I told you about that, oh I do n't know what it is, she said it's loaded out with stuff and we'll have to have a walk round there, erm, round by what was Kennedy's, erm.
by the bingo hall.
that was a fruit shop she said it's loaded out as a cheap shop she said and erm, she wo n't go in there because bloke's stood in there, she said she do n't mind going in and paying fifty, because, well they do n't do that do they?
you know, so erm.
well he's probably got nowhere else to go, I mean it's.
just aged off innit, there must be an out place, but you would n't er.
No you would n't leave it, but she said it's a cheap shop so, but she said there's loads.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah that's right, but I mean just go and have a look, and I actually said to her well you'd be better with somebody else, you know, not going in there on your own.
and erm, you know, she, she obviously needs somebody else with her to make it not so obvious for her.
not.
but I think that, that with what it is you know, but then I say she's got that anyway, she's not as, as tough as what she makes out, but er it would be worth having a look you never know what's in there, and I say I must pick up a couple of paper towels.
I'm not, I'm not gon na pay any more than that.
No, oh I know what I never got that ai n't finished I'll have to go down the shops, I might go down.
I did n't get that baby card did I?
I looked.
I di last night when I was up there and he said to me what was that noise, I went through all the piles and I had a quick look in the bureau but, I did n't find that, I do n't know what I've done with that.
And there was a baby one in there?
There was get wells and driving test, oh have a look because I mean.
it was, it was particularly, it, it totally for a girl.
because I said it was erm Simon's, and then I did n't know really where they lived and erm, I know they moved out, out of next door to Lesley's, and in the end it never got done that, that more to the point but erm I ca n't do that up until I've done that can I?
Well I ca n't do that up until the coat's ready anyway.
but erm that.
Oh I do n't know I mean it's gon na go through there, well I suppose I'm sure I can get some round the neck.
Got to fix it then have n't you?
You'll want somewhere where you can either have it hanging.
might get it through the bottom, that'll be simpler wo n't it?
I do n't know what's gon na be simplest?
Mm.
well let it dry off for a minute, well they must have a card, good job I thought about that I should be interested to see what she calls her because I think Annalise is a beautiful name.
and you do n't hear it much here do you?
Yeah, and shorten it to Nina.
Well Nina must be in there somewhere so.
Anasteen, Anasleen, Anasleen.
Oh.
Yeah.
Oh well they've added the A on then.
obviously.
No.
well they all call Annalise that.
Annalise, I've never heard anybody out there call her Anna or Lisa, or Lise or anything, always Annalise, it's such a pretty name.
ai n't it?
Yeah they do n't shorten it.
but their, the name of their new house is Dew Drops.
It's very nice.
innit?
Yeah, certainly is, I think that's super.
So did Susan, Susan called theirs Jack, that little boy.
Well Jack were then, they, they put these, in the paper periodically they put.
What erm.
What Hayley?
Mm quite nice that, I do n't mind that.
Oh is it?
Oh I did n't know that, but erm, no in the paper periodically.
Oh, but when Prince Andrew was born that caught on.
you know X years ago, but this is what they do.
er, well.
No, that was picked out the history book.
would of picked that, they had a.
book here did n't they?
I should of gone through the book to find that, put some money on it because if she had Victoria as well, I thought about Victoria and er of course I did n't know about Eugene I do n't read, but it's in the book.
Yeah.
oh yeah.
Do n't know what it'll be do you?
No I do n't think they will but you ca n't really believe all that you read in a newspaper can you?
Well it's the impression you get innit?
No.
Oh it's got all.
something totally out.
Though he's got all those people up there again, Amy Karen er not Karen er Caroline.
and er Peter.
Yeah.
Yeah.
yeah, well what is that then?
A German holiday?
Oh what like erm a.
That's quite interesting then and you do n't know when that one starts?
Yeah, oh you do know certain, a certain amount do n't you?
Yeah I mean we can get by over there ca n't you?
Well you wo n't wait until that long you'll put it down in May.
wo n't it?
So do n't forget that, I think that's more comprehensive and that was a Monday night was n't it?
So even with swimming.
No, oh no.
Yeah, do you wan na go Monday dinner time, if you're not, you're not.
would n't phone you on Monday, she may, but she is n't supposed to.
I'm working but it's half past twelve innit?
Well let's, let's, let's say we'll try.
and see what the weather's like and you name it, I mean we know now.
no, but we now know that, if it, if I've got the right time, half past twelve's fine.
erm, oh wait a minute I ca n't.
the cooker man, oh well let's see another day then dependent on this.
I mean cos if that job's available Bev.
you'll have to have a start about it wo n't you?
I mean it'll stop you.
what's name, but that do n't matter because although.
he said to me part time er, but of course he did n't know, erm they might, might want somebody part time, but erm, I mean that's got ta be at least even if it's three pounds an hour.
Well you're not bothered about that anyway.
I mean eight hours a day, it's got ta be over the hundred.
What?
What?
In the morning?
No he's picking you up at night.
he said half past five is fine, half past five.
is fine.
no it does n't, that's no problem.
it's only down the road innit?
I say no, that, that ai n't the problem.
Well that's what I said, you do n't know do you?
Or somebody in the next place or the next place, we reckon we know where it is.
no Woolworth's.
Have you never been out there?
No, well it's the big paved erm way.
Oh yeah, there's, mind you.
but what's out there is load of erm unit factories, unit places and.
Yeah similar to my place up there.
er but a bigger area and they're like big warehouses, big, well like the.
and erm, he's got in the, in the fabric one he's got double doors and all the rolls of carpet and erm, he's got a table in there and obviously to make a cup of tea, got a couple of beds in there cos he's sold them and it's like a big warehouse and erm all around there there's a big concreted area, you know, and er all these units and that's where we, we reckon it is.
I mean there's a lot there, there's a lot of.
places yeah no, no the evening one would be a doddle Anyway we'll wait and see, might not occur.
I mean if then, if you did then the, the.
are out.
but then, providing we go on the Tuesdays you can still go German on the Mondays, anyway could n't you?
if you have that.
probably wo n't be there.
No that's right, no.
Yeah, well that's norm is n't it?
Yeah, well when I, when I was up RAF Andover.
Oh I, how awful for thirteen weeks, with me, I know she did when she had Ian went back.
I know she did, but anyway does n't matter whatever it is.
Oh yeah, oh yeah you most probably end up with.
so you could n't do that, you'd have to tell them that, and say well I've got to start my.
because I'm involved with the.
Ah?
Yeah, oh no you'll have to.
things like that.
we get on quite well.
you know.
Yeah we did.
no, never mind ha, my brother went into the.
if I buy them too big then they're, all.
on the floor.
you know, they're just too long.
Yeah, but they're stretchies that's what's so nice about them.
and the material is, you feel the stretch, the others are like this and they just sit there, but then in the end they ride up you see.
Oh they bag something terrible but then I say at the price I'm not gon na buy them, I'm not, but in the Dodger's there's not one small in any colour.
well then if I go onto a medium, then you're getting all this length and all this business here, all that business and it's too much, if I could of found a four I'd certainly tried it on for swimming you know, but I do n't want it all baggy and horrible you know.
and I do like that sewing stripe down the middle.
because it always looks smarter than, like this just plain.
Well it's just like.
a crease.
when you iron in a crease it's, it's just like that ai n't it?
I.
I do n't know.
You put that corned beef in the fridge did n't you?
Do you want some salad cream for now?
Oh cos I'm going down the shop.
No, I'll do it tomorrow then do something different for dinner tomorrow, well you can either try some, oh I've got another here, we could try.
Sandra does it, but I mean I would n't bother with.
all that.
They certainly do bring the old repeats back do n't they?
I mean they're not bad little programmes, but quite seriously you.
once you've seen them If I put one of those skirts on, the navy I think, and if I get any marks on it.
well no, I'm only wearing me bloody coat and the skirt and er grey tights that's all, er whatever up top I mean I hope that, have a look, I hope it's gon na be a better bus anyway this week.
I've already got one, I'm not bothered about that, I mean for kids I think, I think it's a good idea because well then they do n't lay on it.
Yeah, oh it is neater I agree with that, I just want to get on with it now.
I am happy with it, I've just lost interest.
No I, I want it certainly oh you must get hungry in a minute surely we must try that freeze dry too.
How many cups was in there?
Mm, it's incredible really.
It'll be nice if you could summon up people like that on the phone wo n't it?
oh dear god I've got to work at Albridge tonight.
Well yeah but it takes longer on the bus, but er.
Oh you do I hope Tommy's got that photo of her now.
when did he post it?
Or did I post it?
He posted it did n't he?
That'll be last Saturday then wo n't it, that's a week then wo n't it?
I'm sure she's on the move, for it, you know.
I mean it came out well I thought, it came out very well, considering it was, you know, different process, and it certainly does the job and I still have n't got my damn postcards have I?
Yeah, yeah.
I've got that card, I think it's in there.
oh no, well I mean, I think you've got to do it properly, I do n't think you should do it on the caravan because A you're gon na get the reception, B you're gon na have to make an appointment and it, in a letter.
Sorry?
Well you probably shall well that's, well that's their choice then not yours.
but the whole point is you can put down every detail in a letter for them to read, to put on file, ca n't you?
No I think you should do it, do it that way round.
Yeah.
I'll give them a ring tomorrow.
and erm I mean really it's a bit difficult actually because er you do n't know about that.
Well you do n't know whether you'll be able, you can go down in an evening.
She might of had hers by now might n't she?
Well she might be that little bit further on let's face it I mean.
Well otherwise you might be you know, a little bit further, but.
Well I want, now I want yeah well I understand but I wonder how long since they will leave it she's already looked for an answ, you know she does n't get an answer, that's the point, I should think by now he'd.
I ca n't see, I mean, of course I mean she can take him to court over the money.
if he disagrees or do n't do anything, but I ca n't see how he ca n't leave it, can be without it, has to know.
yeah, but not from her point of view I mean, not from her point of view she'll, she'll surely just go ahead.
they are a damn nuisance.
Well since Helen went we've had no luck at all with neighbours, I think they're.
disgusting but then they're not the sort of people you can talk to are they?
Not that I know of, well I mean I do n't know.
What one?
Why?
They're not called Rachel.
Well there's a woman that comes up.
not the woman with three there's another woman that's got two, I do n't know her, she comes round with some of those envelopes sometimes.
charity.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I do n't know who's up the top, who lives up there I mean.
somebody took over Horace's place there, I do n't.
know who they are, next to.
I do n't know anybody.
They what?
Janet.
Yeah.
Why?
well.
about that then what for a holiday or.
Strange innit?
I thought so I mean it was getting on a bit.
How you getting on with that then?
How you getting on with it?
Oh.
Ah?
Is Derek coming tomorrow then?
Yeah.
Oh no.
Really.
Oh he's done a lot of work ai n't he?
Is it little?
Yeah.
That's it?
Summer house.
Oh it's just a.
and pretty.
yeah I know, I did n't realise it was that small.
oh, oh I did n't realise, mm.
What?
Hot water?
What?
Ah?
I've been able to turn it on but it ai n't been.
Is that no good?
I think we'll take those sausage rolls with us tonight.
take those sausage rolls or a pork pie with us.
I mean it is only to have something with you, innit?
One double please.
So what time do you wan na leave?
What time do you wan na leave here?
four thirty, alright I tried that Channel Four Mick.
I tried to find that horse.
and it's, it's the wrong tape, it only tells you last week's winners.
Yeah and we wound, re-wound the tape and er looked for the number and it's the same number, I've done it three times and I got this other bloke and I went right through it once and it says.
last week and erm, if you wan na do it again watch Channel Four on Saturday, so I'll try it when the programme's on, they might of found out.
That's right, er and it had the same number.
still those little chops looked all right did n't they?
Right now then.
Right, done it.
I'll have to do me.
this year, this week then, this'll be the week going he'll come up.
yeah we've got a.
less than an hour, oh I was waiting for those results well I'd drink me tea as well obviously but.
Oh bored.
oh I'd rather gone out, I think there's, there's one of those.
for us.
Oh no I do n't want Jesse, I mean after what your father said this morning.
Yeah.
mm, so did I, no Jesse's too erm.
do n't want to, I mean you do n't want to get involved in something like that.
I told them I would n't have her, I, I if they wanted to go on holiday I would n't have her, I could n't have her in here she'd knock everything to bits, try to move everything in here that she would n't chew.
you could n't do it could you?
as I say she'd have everything down, I think I, she definitely needs a big house, but not only that I mean she has to put everything up like.
and then she got up on that.
did they?
who to?
well what I'll do I'll go and get some clothes, now what we do, we gon na take some food with us then?
Well.
if I erm.
One each.
Well no that have to be it then.
no, it's quite a journey, how long is it?
Hour and a half?
We were chatting and that.
Yeah.
Yeah, how far's then?
April was it?
May.
Oh my god.
ah, with this.
going though.
that's gon na change a lot of things innit?
The Rosea, the big, big hotel, come.
Opposite the bell.
There's a.
the bell is yeah, but certainly the other one's changed it's name anyway, it's not the Rosea not now, but er, it's gone.
it's in the paper cos, a fellow on the way to work said it was and she, Graham got married in the May and er they get married in Cyprus but.
they were having one here as well and erm they booked it for the day and they were staying there overnight, cos they were, they've got a house and they were gon na let guests stay at their house and while they stayed up there and then.
well I said to her I prefer the.
cos when I got the paper I had a look and I.
and she er she said what and she said oh well I do n't think I'll phone Graham but if Maxine shows him the paper, she said I reckon he'll phone them because er, it did say, I think in the paper that the, that she said they're letting everybody know.
so er.
Well er the banks call it in or something.
is that done?
No, well no you would n't.
But er, this hotel and, and banquet hall and.
innit?
Oh, yeah they did have something did n't they?
No they did have, oh, oh, do what?
Oh alright what?
I did n't hear that either, do n't expect to get dressed like this and get out in it?
Oh, sitting around here oh yeah, that'll be the week we win it wo n't it?
yeah yeah, cos when it's got that three it's two.
two millions.
two million winners, three ai n't there recently?
No, that's what I mean there have been three big ones very recently, cos like syndicate won it and the old lady won it and that other woman, that younger woman won it right what I've done, all bits together what time do you think we'll be back?
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
Well yeah, that's right, no.
Something like that, when did we go, this time last year then?
tend to get it do n't we, cos er.
Right have we got it all then?
Well we've done your.
Have n't I.
It's got to be innit?
No, do you want more tea now then?
Well they must of thought they had a chance.
well they must of thought they had a chance our bob sleighs.
must n't they?
No, there were two or three in my handbag, I do n't think I took it out.
Oh.
right.
oh I put me hand in and I thought do n't know what that is okay, off we go, turn everything off, do n't leave a light, oh what's that?
I think that must of been the old boy over the road you know.
Oh, oh.
Well I did n't know anything, nothing at all.
I think he'd been better for a long time on and off.
he is now.
oh was he?
As long as I can remember we've been up here.
I think do n't you?
what?
I should n't worry about it in this wind, anyway it's not the right time to do it in the wind, as cold as this, is it really?
I mean we're gon na get blown apart I think we shall see wo n't we?
What car's that one then do you know?
Mm.
Oh.
could of been that, yeah.
Mm, oh yeah.
What?
Is there, oh yeah, always the way innit?
always the way I mean it's like when your trying to.
cross the road here, especially in the morning.
Yeah.
I know.
the thing is when.
yeah, the thing is when I go to work it erm.
Mm.
You do n't, that's quite right, I said no rea, not everybody uses their indicat indicator.
No they do n't.
Mm.
Mm, that's right, no I'm afraid it's er a bit of a pain, but as I say seven o'clock in the morning mind going.
off to.
Road, sometimes I do n't see a soul, Jimmy's about the only one I see.
and another morning there's a stream of cars I think it's being one minute ear early or one minute late.
Mm.
Mm.
yeah, been sorted would n't you?
Mm.
Mm, mm I know.
Yeah, well it was beside the point because you, you had an appointment did n't you?
Anyway if you're late it looks bad on you anyway straight away do n't it?
Really?
Generally find that do n't you?
Oh god.
At this place she went.
Go and see the boss or is it over there, whi, which, where?
oh.
Oh good, oh Jill's in there already.
Mm.
Mm?
Okay.
It is a bit innit?
yeah.
Gon na what?
Did you?
Used to be here though did n't it?
eh?
Hi.
Alright?
Hello how are you?
here, this will do.
is it.
did you want it out?
that's your arm innit that one?
Have you got er, must have a knob somewhere.
I do n't know I'll get Mick to have a look in a minute ah, ah, is there a little handle at the side, at your side?
There's a, there's a.
a lever here.
have I, have I got one then?
That looks.
I have got a lever here.
Yeah, down right down.
I think is done.
Oh dear.
How many were there then Mick do you know?
Five.
so you should have forty eight?
Who's missing then?
That's it then is it?
Where's that one?
The Sheridan, I suppose it is innit?
Sheridan or Sheriton's, I do n't know whether that's it or Sheriton's or Sheridon's, Sheridan, I do n't know.
ah?
well no.
well no it does n't, get it right see that's the station.
where they were, Howard and Pete right were coming up to the erm football.
and they shutted off.
mm.
Oh you certainly are, yeah.
but that, as I say for England and France erm they closed it for some reason.
all the system was closed there, as Howard said erm it er a bit of a nuisance they had to go all the way round the houses.
I do n't know how they did it in the end, but.
well it certainly was spectacular though.
were n't it?
Ah?
Certainly was, as I say I do n't think you'll see a lot of, better lot of colour than that.
not anywhere.
yeah, yeah, it's surprising what you can do ai n't it?
Oh tired now.
Yeah, still it means you have n't got to get on a train or.
nothing like that, well that's the beauty of this innit?
Quite honestly oh it was eight till ten that show was on for basically.
yeah yeah what did you say they did it three times?
Oh no quite probably matinee and then the early evening which I thought those people were coming out from look and erm, and this one, good grief fancy doing that be here half a day, you'd think you'd earn the damn money would n't you?
I do n't know.
No.
yeah probably.
so if that run is just tomorrow then we just got in did n't we?
You know.
Ah?
Yeah.
what are they?
Yes, on Thursday that is.
Woolworth's was n't it?
I do n't know the programmes are pretty good are n't they?
and they do n't do they?
Hope they're not like that bloke at Audrey's.
I ca n't wait until we get home, sometimes it goes quite quickly the journey though going home.
Yeah, trying to get up there I mean you're waiting to see the show are n't you?
So er, it's quite different ai n't it still it's not a bad time to come out.
is it?
And I mean being that he parked there it was perfect were n't it?
Did n't have a long walk or anything so the next schedule go out is erm is.
is it?
I do n't know what they're doing of, I have n't a clue.
yeah more than one though.
mm.
Pretty busy in there is n't it?
Pretty busy in that restaurant.
Mm.
Mm.
Ca n't can I go on me own.
You ca n't go on your own, what's, what's there in it going on your own?
mm?
Ha, what.
Could do.
I'm not so sure about that one.
It was good were n't it?
But er Helen, she missed the best one, ah?
It was better than the other one, it might of been the seats but I do n't think so because I mean there was so much in this one.
I mean the other was a nice story, but, I think this year's is better.
Yeah it was more of a show than a story were n't it?
But there was something.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah it did my feet ache now.
I know.
but I did n't know how cold it'll be, but.
you see, no it is n't a brilliant idea but the thing is we did n't have much further to walk can we?
We could of done.
the what?
yeah, you are, great.
oh I put my half off, I doubt if I get my feet back in them, but, yeah.
oh dear.
ah so you are, sure you will, sure you will.
One sleeve, oh.
it's gon na be a good one you know.
I can see it, you know, it looks it right.
The what?
Yeah, but it looks like it's gon na be good some of them.
Well you'll have to decide I mean you.
Yeah.
mm.
Yeah.
Mm.
Mm.
terrific amount.
mm.
Yeah oh, oh, oh god well.
Well that wo n't take long to unpick it will it?
No.
Yeah.
Yeah, anyway once it's washed it's all gone anyway.
so really that's not a problem.
ha, ha, I bet you will, it wo n't take that long to unpick it though but I mean you've got a, quite a selection there to choose have n't you?
Mm.
Mm?
Yeah, not much bigger job anyway, innit?
Well I'll look, I'll see how much of that plum is left.
you ca n't use that much can you?
Plenty then innit?
For that and.
That's right, but I mean all I want it for is the erm.
the body and use the black.
That's right I think it looked very effective what that woman had on.
so.
Yeah it's nice innit?
That would stand out would n't it?
That would be nice, you wo n't want that much for the sleeve.
of black, so, do anything with black for ages.
Eh?
Probably would.
How much was it nine?
Yeah it was nine, that's right, no it could be quite interesting actually, and then the other way.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's limitless innit, but the other way is to do right down the centre, one on one and one on the other.
reverse it on the back or have the same on the back.
Yeah.
that's right, limitless innit?
But it would be wise to use the plum before I got the cerise or the sea green.
Yeah, of course it would, well it only sat there anyway again innit?
Well we always do, I mean if you'd use all that was in that cupboard you'd have half a dozen jumpers.
Yeah.
Yeah, well there must be a fair amount of mohair.
I mean that was an exceptionally good buy were n't it?
Mm.
Well I think, I'd just experiment.
but you must yeah.
That would be effective, but I mean you do n't want to do any that you've got to unpick, no that.
is not viable that.
Mm.
Mm, yeah I think it would.
Mm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Sort of mingle.
Yeah.
No.
not like that no.
Oh well, oh, as long as you do n't have to unpick, because that is awful.
It's just a mess innit after?
Yeah, oh yeah, but as I say it's limitless really.
especially with a.
Yeah.
Yeah.
How much were they?
Oh, that's not so bad is it?
But there again you're buying again.
Mm it certainly would, it does n't have to be different colours.
I ca n't remember.
No I do n't think there was two.
I think there was only one because they only had one, and I got one white cos they only had one I think, it was the other colours I'm sure I'd got two of, I must of done, cos I mean I've used a lot myself do n't I?
No I, I would think the black and the white were one, but mind you it goes a long blinking way do n't it?
yeah but I think it was only one and one of those two, I, I'd picked the white up because there was n't any black, for that first time.
because I thought that was neutral did n't I?
I do n't know if I had them or not.
Three hundred again I think it was it was six balls were n't it?
Two, four, six.
Have I used any black?
I have n't have I?
No.
I dunno.
I think it was fifty, I do, but I'm not sure oh perhaps if we can get over there at the end of the, well it's the end of the month next week anyway innit?
I mean, you do n't know what they've got over there now do you?
I mean basically we go there and the meat shop do n't we?
There's not much else we want to look around at is there?
Shoes I.
yeah.
Oh yeah.
have n't got it right actually, I mean basically we can go up the top shop and buy what we like ca n't we?
Get one, O nine, I mean providing you've got enough to do what you want to do in mohair.
no you'd have to get all out and have a look, but I mean if I go over there I'll bring back a load of D K and I know I will we'll see.
You get the left overs.
Six hundred, yeah.
Yeah, well you see it's quite a point you know, cos if we go up the top shop, we just, well the most I would buy is four.
Well that's what four pound and four nines.
thirty six.
mm, dunno well we'll see anyway, it depends on you and what you're doing.
What, at the top shop?
Yeah, that's a very old make you know, that one's been going for donkey years, but it's those colours, I mean there's at least, well with the o.
Mm.
Well I, I'm sure it would n't be, what did I say I said that sea green and the cerise.
The mustard and the beigey one were n't it?
Er oatmeal.
Well that's, that's two jumpers each innit?
I mean I've got plenty of black, so mustard and black whatever, whatever, cerise and black or something, that's daft really you know.
I mean nine times out of ten we erm, we just go over there and buy what's there.
regardless when we come back well what are you going to make with it?
Yeah, no well I think that, thinking about it seriously now.
Without a well?
Oh I see.
What like a sweat top or some of them does.
but I er.
Yeah yeah, yeah.
Or anything and it's very versatile.
No, thinking about it seriously it would be better to go up there, have a swifty through patterns you know, you need a bit of time.
you need a bit of time.
Oh, that was when I was waiting in the queue were n't it?
Mm, it really.
Yeah, it really is stupid having all these left overs, alright as I said before I can make all that kid stuff, but in the end I've got too much to take over.
No.
Anyway I mean I've got a fair pile now to take in August ai n't I?
No I, well the, the colours that I like you know the cerise and the.
the green, I can, I, he's says to buy four of them without thinking about it cos they're so nice and that's really the thing that we do n't do when we go to Basingstoke we start going around saying well which one shall I have, but they said that you have n't looked at it like I've looked at those and you looked at yours because that oatmeal colour will be very, very handy for erm sticking with anything and everything.
Well I mean I've looked round here for a pair of blinking shoes, the only trouble here er had over here is that I've got to go somewhere where they're wide enough and that's.
Littlewoods innit?
The only ones here that did a wider fitting that one, er at the time I bought some, well those with the gold on the back was Stead and Simpson and they did a wider fitting, but I do n't know anybody else, but they may now.
they may now, but erm, I mean these I've got on are Williams, they're an E fit that I, I particularly sent away for.
Well I do n't want to do that any more cos you've got to wait three damn weeks nearly for the blasted things to come and then if they're no good you've got to send them back.
No, anyway those plimsolls they're, they're alright.
now I said the others, they've got to be lace-ups though look, it's got ta be lace-ups.
Yeah because I mean if there, if you've got a high instep it still do n't matter because you only widen your laces do n't you?
Well perhaps I'll have a look in town next Friday then, I could definitely do with a pair.
oh dear.
yeah.
yeah yeah we do cos it's there innit?
Quite right.
Mm.
Mm, same, the same situation as those clothes.
were n't it?
Oh I did n't like them I was, I could see them riding up the leg just like that pair I had on that day and in the end they look so grey and they look like.
Eh?
yeah.
Yeah they do but they, those others I was quite, you did n't try them on so I.
buy one tomorrow but the material is better and the shape is better.
and the stirrups are nice.
Yeah.
Yeah they have, but there was people the other night with that type trouser on and boots.
Yeah when I went in the ladies loo there was one woman in there and they did look nice.
Yeah well there again like I said before I tend to rub the cord and then they all.
Yeah I know.
Yeah I've got mine back on now.
I've got mine back on, but it wo n't be long when I get out the bus mind, but.
I said I'll put my shoes back on but I do n't know what my feet will be like when I get out the bus.
It's just as.
Yeah, that's, that's fair, yeah, just a different proposition innit?
Yeah.
Not tired now, but I shall want a cup of tea.
I might have a sausage roll the sandwiches are alright, but you can eat them twice as many ca n't you?
You know when they're packed up like that.
Mm.
That's right.
Oh they were n't bad at all.
Mm, were n't bad at all, oh I had had something.
No, but I wish I'd brought the pork pies with me, I could of taken that, one of them.
I might eat one when I get out.
yeah, well whatever, just something otherwise you get up in the morning and you're starving are n't you?
Still it was well worth coming up here tonight.
Hello the thinner is really, really easy tomorrow.
Yeah could do, that's a good idea.
Yeah, I know.
Oh no, we've got that other cake of yours.
No, better have your cake.
Mm.
Well we'll have a look at it and we might have both.
Why not?
Eat one of them, I, we have one afternoon like we usually do, we'll have a look at it and see how big it is and all that, yours, and we'll go from there, I mean actually for us three that trifle will only do that, they're never that, that big.
Oh, I mean if you want to put a tin of fruit with it.
We'll have a look at the coffee thing.
Yeah I'm surprised at him.
Oh.
Oh.
That's right.
Yeah.
Yeah he is.
it wo n't be long.
oh he's awake then.
Oh what's the time then?
Nearly eleven, this stop.
No, I think it's a good run, it ca n't be that late.
I hope so, yeah I wonder where we are then?
What with the lines?
Oh yes, that was brilliant I mean that man, what's his name?
A brilliant programme was n't it?
It is, I slipped up on chess one.
I slipped up on that chess one I got the black and white one.
Velcro.
that's probably his professional name innit?
Zoe's was it?
That's the one I liked brilliant are n't they?
make a thing like that take it to work and show the girls.
Yes she was.
I do n't know because I said to you oh I had a super view.
that's gorgeous that is.
have those two colours together brilliant.
brilliant.
Yeah I bet.
Mm, that one, I do n't know though did n't have a blonde woman see and I never, I did n't, I did n't realise there was two and I really did not and I suddenly there's, they all come out on the ice.
did n't they?
Her what?
Unless she was one of the poorest.
Well no she should n't be but since going she just suddenly appeared did n't she?
Yeah but that was the dark haired one were n't it?
Eh?
Oh.
Oh, no I did n't really matter.
is it really?
Is she?
Mm I do n't know then.
Yeah.
I've got a feeling.
rings a bell.
Oh I thought oh I, I, I seemed to remember the Whitney Bay bit and I mean I do n't know what I've done with the blinking programme last year, I mean they're all in the magazine rack, but I do n't think that one's there that was terrific that were n't it?
oh.
Oh that's been and gone then innit?
I did n't think of that you know.
Yeah that's right, and I thought to myself what if, I would n't of thrown it away, I keep all my programmes.
Never thought of that you know oh well, where you going.
There it goes innit?
Brilliant costumes though.
I do n't know if it tells you how much this production cost but I know it said something about, oh the one thing.
or something Shaun Powell, that's a nice name innit?
Yeah that's it.
Whoever thought those up it's unreal innit?
That was particularly good were n't it?
That really was.
That's it, that's it.
yeah it's sort of that er look about it innit?
I could do with a cup of tea now I know that, oh I could n't see that signpost.
what's that then?
Choreography?
Oh.
Yeah.
I should say so so what's he?
He's the president, he's the costumier, what's this chap of travelling secateurs we welcome you up with him, for audition please contact local show office, in city where we perform, qualify you to be a trained figure skater, at least seventeen, not older than twenty six, for further information please write to Ms at.
there, look.
what?
Oh I see yeah.
No, I did n't even look at it, apart from.
the pictures in the book ai n't they?
You know, they are in there but.
not individually is it?
Yeah oh dear.
What?
What?
That was awful them.
were n't it?
Cor dear me, straight out.
eh?
So did I, well that's certainly worth the money, I know it's a lot of money.
but, you do it, if you think of it individually, what are you gon na do for that money anywhere else?
I mean we all saved what one fifty each on it?
What was that?
Sorry?
Oh well shame.
I said to.
I said to Ernie oh you'll have to go and call her.
of getting out were n't it?
But we were out, he was very good, I mean I know he was waiting there for us.
with all things considered we did a lot did n't we?
And I forgot that plastic card did n't I?
Anyway I get the opportunity, oh you did n't look in that box for that baby.
well we'll have a look first, but we do want salad cream do n't we?
Mm.
Oh big dance.
big dance in May.
Oh you wore it there did n't you?
Oh.
Yeah, that's an idea.
Mm, I expect so, yeah.
No at Kate's it'll be nice wo n't it?
And hopeful the weather will be better.
Er actually I do n't even know if he'll go.
er they'll be plenty of other people there for god sake, I mean.
Mm, well he'll probably be there on Tuesday again, that's what he said.
No, yeah, well that'd be twice we've seen him.
looks like.
looks like his night, do n't it?
Probably goes in.
have a look, cos he's got to be thirty something, I do n't know what now.
Yeah.
Why?
Yeah well it's not really the wisest thing to do on a Thursday night anyway.
Yeah, but not only that when you get a couple of dickheads like we had.
you know you've got to watch them, they're not watching you, you've got to watch them.
Yeah.
Well we'll have to watch it this week and if er.
Yeah.
Well it does me on a night like that, because the majority of people are either having a damn good lazy swim.
I know yeah.
no, very annoying that, I mean that bloke going backwards and forwards is bad enough but.
but then obviously that's all he does or what he does I mean which is.
Well he do n't seem to be a bad swimmer at all he really do n't.
Maybe but it is difficult when people do that because I mean the majority of us are going up and down and you get this one that's going across and.
but the majority of people on a Tuesday night are going for a leisurely swim are n't they?
Yeah.
but not tearing about, anyway if they're.
of course I mean it'll be a little different this week, wo n't it?
No.
Oh dear.
Tomorrow?
Might, well.
quarter past gone anyway do n't even know where we are actually.
Have we?
oh dear, dear me.
I think I'll have a look at this lot tomorrow actually.
It's nice to read them because you know.
Yeah, I never though of that and I doubt if I get it now, all I think was well I know that I got it in the magazine rack.
Well have a look down there, it's just by the fridge and the card.
I tell you what erm, that'll have to be done by that, that cake thing you bought.
I never took one blinking photograph did I?
People did though did n't they, anything you want down the shop?
Anything you need down the shop?
Nothing.
Er no er it was about that jumper look.
Yeah and er, yeah and she said I love the colours but it's coming out, it comes out a forty eight inch.
and she said if I could try it before oh, er.
no she said erm, if, if I could try it oh I wait until that blessed lot's gone.
all that blasted lot out here.
erm, no she said if I could try it.
erm have it made and try it.
she said well then, then that'll be fine.
but I said to her oh I do n't think I'd have it done.
forty over pounds.
and a forty eight.
Well that's what I said to her you'll probably find something around, but I mean it was a nice, it is a nice pattern.
but there's nothing smaller than the first size.
and also she said she's heard from Pauline.
and they were all fine, erm getting on with that place as good as they can.
because erm they have n't heard about their extension.
and erm, she said er Pauline asked where your mother's coffee set was, little coffee cups and all that and I said I do n't know I've never seen one.
well I've never seen a coffee set.
she said it was all packed up in a box and I said well you would n't see it then would you?
And she said er, I said what she want it then?
So she said well must of just thought about it.
and she'd like it and so she well I'll ask Jean.
erm Jean might be going out to see that new Marks amp; Spencer's somewhere, there's a new big one being built out.
it's, it's not Anne's way but it's not far I do n't think.
and she might take Daphne with her.
and she said she'd ask them.
but er.
I do n't know.
what she's talking about you know, because I said well the bits that Daphne brought here.
Well that's right, I mean how, how long ago nobody knows.
Ah?
Oh yeah, yeah, certainly.
Well I, I mean if it was wrapped up in a box.
but Ann said erm perhaps she gave it away well she did.
she did give Mrs did n't she?
I mean I remembered some of it, I, I remember hearing something that she'd given some bits downstairs.
but erm, I said well I dunno, I said I, I do n't ever remember seeing it.
but at the same time if it was, if it's in boxes you.
you're not gon na see it.
but Pauline must of remembered it perhaps for the.
well any of you.
I mean.
would n't get nothing out like that.
it must be something that they've had er they.
had for years and erm, you know.
packed away in a box, but I suppose Pauline thought about it.
so the problem is if nobody knows about it you start that all over again.
do n't you?
Cos you know that, that happened before.
when that, over the teapot.
at er, I, I do n't remember anything, anything at all, but she said, I told her about the baby, she did n't know about that.
and er, she said I, I said have you heard from Paul, because the last time I spoke to her she had n't.
and she said yeah he's fine he's having a super time.
and she's heard from Tanya, one letter.
and er she was with Colin.
but now she's moving on, and another girl's going out this week or next week to er join them.
so, that'll be about three I think.
I ca n't remember, three of four perhaps.
and er she said I wo n't hear for a while because they're gon na move on now.
but.
Ah?
They're not in Malta they're in Australia.
yeah, went to Perth.
to start off and then erm, I think they went for work permits or something.
you know.
but really liking it.
but er, she says I've got ta get off of the phone cos I've, when I, when I told him I was gon na phone you he went oh no.
Well he will wo n't he?
Morning.
Hi you, alright?
Yeah.
Good morning ladies.
Thank you can I have er, a quarter of pink bon bons up the end please?
And a quarter of the chocolate ones.
Yeah that'll be fine, yeah ta thanks very much.
Thanks very much.
Thank you.
I bought that card for that baby.
and she wanted salad cream.
I mean there's all that salady bits and I got.
I got some coleslaw so.
perhaps make a bit more.
of it eh?
they're what?
yeah right it's the last one.
Yeah well I say once the thing's done, then it's done innit?
You, you know, I got some coleslaw, so, that'll make a bit more of that wo n't it?
And salad cream cos you've got sausage rolls have n't you?
So quite honestly you ought to be able to make a a bit of something out of it there's.
over there.
that's a pretty little card innit?
What's this one then?
Oh well we either have that war film this afternoon or the Errol Flynn do n't we?
Oh is it?
Oh drinking chocolate.
Well we still have n't got one, I know we've got the Kit-Kats, but we still have n't got bits to pick have we?
We did n't have, do you want tea now?
Sets, that's a set look.
Oh, I would n't think of that, oh dear.
get those two done he says he ai n't got much.
no, but I took the bits that I wanted, and my bits and I'll try and get on that.
ask to go in there is there?
Just wan na put a little thing that, I mean I've written her a letter, I just put a little thing that erm.
well I could put a little sticker on Clare's had n't I?
That little blue sticker Clare.
Yeah.
only I've finished the letter.
Well I put in there would you pass this thing on, just in case there's any confusion, I put in there I hope Annalise and erm Ian liked the raincoat and jacket for the baby.
Eh?
Yeah do you want a biscuit or something?
I just bought er the, which ones do you want?
Well yeah.
only we did n't really eat last night properly at all did we?
Do what?
Oh is that now?
Have n't had that for a long while.
Mm?
Oh I see.
I know.
oh I see.
Mm, looks like it, pretty little cardigan innit?
actually down there you know.
Mm, mm.
mm, I've got a long way to go yet then have I?
Well.
wear it on, you do n't know do you?
I'm quite sure I do n't.
No.
Mm.
That's right.
Ann said hold on to the pattern, she said I do n't know what to do, erm knit them.
I know how she's done it, yeah.
Yeah.
well you'll have to see how much black there is cos.
Mm.
Mm, well if there's only one pocket which I'm sure there is you wo n't have enough.
Is the back quite.
It's a good way of doing it, innit, there's no messing about is there?
oh.
Oh it is, oh.
mm.
Mm, it does.
What's the needles?
Mm.
No, oh no, did I try it on smaller needles?
You did.
Mm.
oh you did.
Yeah.
Yeah I do n't remember whether it was you or, or me.
Mm.
Yeah well you can leave out the pattern there ca n't you?
Just in case you, I reckon, I think it's too big.
Mm.
Not with the colours you've got I would n't of thought.
Mm, I dunno what.
because the black's gon na take it off innit?
Mm certainly cor look at that.
Oh god, were it erm.
awful.
Oh what's.
No, I mean they might not be, but, I wonder, they put it in there once a month.
you know the big spread that I saw that time.
I do n't remember the paper I only look at the front and the back on a Friday, well pick it up and have a look.
Yeah, tell me, right that's, that's it, I thought I wore that.
How much?
Is that a weekend?
Mm.
not bad is it?
No I do n't fancy that one somebody I know went.
yeah, yeah.
As well.
Mm, well seventy nine quid is not bad you know, when you go up Saturday?
Mm.
How much is that one?
Mm.
There are rather a lot you know.
Who?
oh.
How much?
Oh that's not bad is it?
No.
How much?
Not bad.
Oh that goes round the area.
Not bad though is it?
mm, I'd of thought that.
Mm, mm.
Have n't been doing it have you?
Well, let's see, you have n't been doing it, I mean.
regular for exercise innit?
I do n't have to be down one night then.
Mm.
Flipper.
Mm.
A show?
Bloody hell I mean a show.
I mean we've got an old Errol Flynn there.
Er what like a variety or what?
When's that Des O'Connor thing on then?
That Michael Miles thing?
Mm.
Not to, I know we saw it the other night did n't we?
I wonder.
What's that one then?
What.
Sarah Brightman?
But there again.
Why that's right, I mean that might be the best idea in the end.
did n't it?
Yeah I know they did talk about this Doreen and Owen, because er.
Well no, that's right.
Well this is why.
But the thing is Mick you've got ta get, you know yourself sorted early enough.
and if people do n't pay then they lose them.
Well I mean when they put their names down they.
Well no I'm sure it wo n't.
What?
Do you want any more of these Bev?
Yeah.
Yeah, but the whole point.
Oh.
Yeah, but the whole point Mick is, it's hassle.
innit?
I mean.
yeah, well, that.
Yeah, but that in itself got ta stop.
that.
aspect of it has got ta.
Now that can be the erm.
Well no you're gon na get this all.
the time.
But the whole point is Mick you are stipulating.
an X-seater.
coach and if it comes out like Helen and Pete like that and they're, they're gone and the others have n't, no wonder it's been up on your wall.
but the whole point is you see, if er.
Yes she's got a list did you know?
yeah, well I thought she had one at.
innit?
But the only thing, the, the next thing is now collecting the money early enough.
and what is that June?
June were n't it Bev?
I know.
June's.
I know it's it's the sixth of June.
right.
Kate's was June the sixth, June the seventh was the.
Yeah, Kate's anniversary is the.
Yeah, and I say, you know I mean obviously it's too big but I mean not from from the point of view that the buildings are right outside of them ai n't they?
Yeah.
But I mean I, I see no point in all of us going out and looking for presents.
Oh wha.
You do.
Well I mean, but and then, I I do n't know how much that garden furniture costs.
That, I mean you know it's pretty erm.
it can be pretty.
pricey because of what Glen and George bought!
That's right.
Yeah, but I, no, I did.
Yeah.
Yeah, but there was no Mick.
I mean th, the amount of time we have to sit in the blasted garden anyway is er nothing innit?
I must remember that though because erm I mean to gi give our erm erm.
some time or all three of them.
Friday.
Well I do n't know.
Why?
And what what.
Well what sort of thing?
What do you want men and women.
or.

is it.
Yeah, well cos that's that's.
What, so it's not.
Yeah well something like, that can get boring!
No.
No, I mean it can get a bit of a boring.
not got.
I mean round Christmas and that.
it's it's a bit of.
but I mean there's so much in here.
And I mean, obviously I'm not saying that you ought to buy it anywhere else.
but but I mean I've got prizes of.
But i it's always nice to see the article I think.
You know?
It's the sort of thing you say, cor that's nice!
Innit?
And how much you spending?
Little-uns.
Oh!
It would n't?
You've done camera.
Er.
Camera.
Well I mean you wo n't.
We've done that.
Erm I mean everything yo you can buy is in here.
Innit?
You know?
But you still wan na a something.
You want something for all people.
Do n't you?
You get, I mean, you've got ta make the people.
interested.
Well of course you do!
Course you do!
Well I mean, I say you wo n't actually get a better selection than looking in here will you?
all there innit?
You know.
Thirteen.
pound.
Well I do think the majority do, yeah.
But then you do n't have something to draw the women.
I mean, I know it gets difficult.
Course it does.
As I say, if you look through this book then.
quite honestly what you gon na find elsewhere?
No.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Does she?
So you're actually looking for one thing?
What about a clock?
Hell of a selection!
I know they're dear ones but I do n't think there's any more on the previous page to that one though.
But it's a nice drawer I would think.
If it's a, if it's a nice.
Yes, no I'm right.
I'm sure they do them, cos you can get them on the Christmas club ca n't you?
I'm sure you can get an Argos.
But I do n't always think personally, it's a.
present.
Yeah, when you see the thing.
Oh!
I mean look at those, they're gorgeous are n't.
they?
Oh they do n't?
What's that?
That's a bit dear!
I ca n't really see it but I can see what it.
But there's a lot there in my, on that other page why do n't you go and have a look.
I mean, the thing is the they're not you know, some of them are not that nice but er.

The dearest one is nineteen ninety nine in that section.
Right?
Now that, that's a pendulum one.
That's nice, get that.
That's a nice wall clock!
Clock.
Have you had a wall clock or have you just had a clock?
I mean a wall clock is an nice additive to the room.
Mm!
Well tha that's what I say!
Yeah.
Well that did.
No, well that's a.
That one was only.
Too dear!
Well that one was.
I do n't know what they were this year but I mean that was not much dearer than that.
But there's two big.
Yeah.
And two big wall clocks there.
I mean there's radios and.
There's that.
Well I say if you scout through this book Mick they've got an.
an enormous range!
And if you go round the shops, yeah.
you might find something a little different, but I mean it's the.
Ay?
Erm.
Mm?
Uninteresting?
There's nothing down there!
Unless you.
unless you want.
There's Liquorice Allsorts there!
Mm!
Well I, I never done the book Mick.
spotty line wo n't it?
Well Mick, you wo n't find a bigger selection than Argos.
I I think the prices are bloody good!
Well no, not everybody wants that sort of thing.
No, that's right!
Anyway, what.
Oh yes, that's your best bet Mick.
And.
those two big clocks there.
That would make a nice additive to anybody's house.
That's it.
I would say so.
I mean, that thing is with Argos Mick it saves you walking round the blasted town!
You know I mean.
Mm.
But it's the time it takes.
innit?
You know, I mean.
Yeah, well they're all there but.
I'm just, you know thinking of the time.
When do you have to have it by?
Why do n't you then?
I mean, I can go to town it's no.
It wo n't bother me now.
And anyway, if you, if you run in if you say.
it's a wall clock.
Just let's say it's one of these wall clocks.
Well.
you could phone up and see if it's there, yeah.
But, failing that, you know, if yo if you're going in town anyway I can write the ticket out cos I got one here.
and you just walk in with it, that!
But if you phone up and they've got one they reserve it for you but you have to get it that day, were n't it Bev?
So what's your next erm they were asking on the.
What's your next item then?
Skittles, that's what.
she said.
But when I.
Oh!
Well I could n't remember nothing about it!
No, oh you're alright but I'll come in a sec.
Mm.
Well that do n't really interest me.
Not a bit.
Well I could come along in the evening perhaps.
Okay.
Yeah.
But I do n't find that.
Dunno.
I do n't know.
Well I suppose we.
That's what it seems, mine, mine goes out of town at least do n't they?
Oh I re remember that programme.
He likes it!
Do n't laugh Bev!
Right erm what about a barometer?
Have you had a barometer?
So would I.
And you shut the door and out of that thing there.
That's if he's willing to go up to twenty.
Nineteen eighty nine, that's a nice one!
Nice one for fourteen ninety nine!
Mm.
Well that's nineteen eighty nine.
But also they're fourteen ninety nine, very nice!
And it's got a pendulum.
Look.
They're all nice are n't they?
Number four is sixteen by ten, by one and a half.
Sixteen.
and one.
half.
Number five is nineteen and a half by twelve by two and a half.
And number six do n't tell you.
Diameter eight inches across.
Two year guarantee.
Oh, both of them here, either of those.
But that one's not bad you.
know.
It's got a pendulum.
And that's fifteen quid!
Well wha, what I'll do, but I stick that.
that's bit look.
I mean these are all much too much.
I'm not.
I do n't think anybody would er quibble about winning an any of those.
Right, I'm gon na go with Bevvy now.
Do n't know whether Harold's at home today, cos he got all them people ai n't he?
Caroline and Peter and Marlin.
She's burying your wood love.
I know.
Well I dunno what you do without it, I'm telling you!.
I know that!
What I just said!
What if he wants you to go tonight Bev?
It will be the opportunity to post that parcel wo n't it?
Mm.
Well I'll let him have a look later today.
But I do n't think you'll get a better selection than that anyway.
I say if you, if you did decide on something and wanted it give me an opportunity to post Connie's parcel.
Anyway, I doubt very much if I want to stay in all blasted week anyway!
Well with this.
this weather and that, I mean it's depressing innit?
Yeah.
Well it, I mean let's face it it is n't gon na be no bigger than a clock is it?
Yeah.
Oh yeah!
Well.
Oh no, well I mean something that called out ev once a fortnight do n't you?
That not the point.
is it?
I mean Christmas ones are an enormous prize anyway are n't they?
Bits and bobs anyway so I ai n't never won one.
Oh well I suppose later on in the day if you have a look.
I got ta go out tomorrow anyway.
And I mean he will determine.
I mean, cos I say, I got ta go go round Lesley's but there again there's so much on the go again.
I'll try to.
I know, well sounds like as well.
That's why you said it's like at this job was n't it?
Mm.
Pick one of them.
Yeah.
Yeah,.
Yeah.
Mm?
Mm.
Well I said, they know it's no problem, you said.
did n't you?
So er I mean if it turned out to be twelve weeks work.
No!
No.
no it do n't!
Everybody forgets something.
Well I have n't worked down there lately.
actually.
Cos they were a pain!
What in the cupboard?
Are they all blue though?
Oh!
Cos I thought they were doing some.
Yeah.
But what they.
we're doing.
was getting all this enormous load of black.
and then erm.
Well, yeah, I do what I can but.
as I mean I've got ta have a look at the till on that.

Well erm I put another tripper on that.
And erm.
Dunno how long that'll take for me.
Ah?
No.
Yeah, I'll cut it off.
Oh now.
I'll cut them down then Bev, ay?
The that goes in the chipper.
I'll cut them thin.
Well I think you'll have to cos I do n't think do n't like them too big, do n't want them too big anyway do we?
Ay?
Oh!
I'll be able to sew this up this afternoon.
Yeah.
Yeah.
These spuds are n't much good you know.
I'll have to tell him, no!
He probably have to go out to where Simon went.
No, they're ripe like hell!
I know.
It's been ice cold that's why.
Mind you, I still say I like the reds.
They're a much better potato.
Well if I go on like this we'll be getting another bag next week!
Oh dear! actually there but you know what I mean.
I'll go and look at that potato thing and the meat and then I'll see.
See what we have to do cos the meat wo n't take long will it?
I'll give Lesley a ring in a minute.
Cos she ought to be down there this morning did n't she?
We have n't seen Helen for ages now have we?
When she come up with them photos I suppose was the last time were n't it?
Must of been must n't it, that day?
What the hell is microwave film?
What is that then?
Got ta have it.
Yeah.
No, it's still in there, this is, got ta go in the fridge for four hours.
Well what if I do n't get it?
Yeah, it says it!
Take it out the foil tray erm put in a well, a pyrex and erm cover with micro co microwave film.
Does that matter?
Has it?
Yeah.
This has got ta defrost for four hours in the fridge.
Good job I almost got it were n't it?
Dunno where I got ta put it, mind but still.
Ay?
No, well I'll put it in.
Where's the Microwave Know How then?
That big one?
I ca n't reach it.
I ca n't reach the big one.
Oh right.
Well I mean, they might sell it down the shop but I never heard of it.
Mm.
Yeah.
What in there?
In the microwave?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Right.
Yeah?
Oh right.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
It's, it says that.
Yeah.
The same thing.
Do you do that when you do scrambled eggs then?
Do you put anything on it?
No.
Why do n't that work the same then?
Oh.
My, I better go down and get cling film I suppose.
Wo n't bother.
Well we just got ta find something that's prickable then to use ai n't we?
Yeah.
That's wha that's what it says?
Mm.
I would n't cover that anyway.
So let the flavour out.
I tell you when he's coming but then I'd have the cooker going up the Swannee Well, well no.
Yeah alright.
It's only just.
No point in.
I'll say that he's gone.
Well speaking on telephone h hello love!
It's Wendy.
Is mum there?
Yeah.
Why's he acting like Sam?
About to say watch out he might shout without moving the receiver!
And I said he did n't.
How are you?
Yeah.
Well we was coming down, now the cooker's gone up the Swannee!
And he is n't erm, it lights up in the oven.
I ai n't got no bloody oven at the moment.
It lights up but it erm you turn to the regulo love and it still stays the same level which is you know, sort of you know, little.
So I've got the gas man coming tomorrow but I doubt very much he'll be able to mend it tomorrow but but we was, we're gon na try and get down.
She's ending up with a getting on to job centres and all that, you know.
But ai n't got nothing.
But er yeah, you ai n't got nothing?
No.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well tha that's right ee er, I mean th there is no point in sort of getting a aggravated about it is there?
None at all.
So I mean she's been waiting on that erm place down Junction Road but they, you know, we've had nothing from.
No.
Lesley's had a letter to say from them down the job place they ai n't got nothing.
Er Trevalle she's just said.
Have you heard of that one?
Tre, what is it?
Trevalle Are you on that one?
Yeah, she's on it, yeah.
Yeah.
You done the lot have you?
Like she has, yeah.
Yeah, well I say, it's one of those things, I mean, you get bad but er but there's bugger all you can do is there?
You know?
Aha.
Mm.
Well, well er well it is, because I mean so many go for the sa da damn same job do n't they?
But what about yours then, any nothing?
You have?
Aha.
Mm.
Does it?
Yeah.
The other place.
Mm.
Really?
Ha.
Yeah see that's a problem because that's like Greatley Greatley and Amport cos an an, Anne was saying that wanted one in that lot which is a similar, but she could n't have one.
Yes, it's a Yeah.
Yes.
It's all so petty!
Innit?
You know?
Ha.
Yeah.
Have they?
They, they wan na get shot of well they've have to change their policies I think!
Oh have they?
Aha.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh well that's not nice then is it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
No.
No, it's around about the off innit?
You know?
Yeah.
Still, never mind I I hopefully it's a chance, you know?
I mean erm them solicitors sent a letter to him we had a copy come here but erm, he's got ta pay her fifty pound a week.
We ai n't heard nothing!
Nothing at all!
So I dunno how long they're supposed to let it go on, you know?
Mm.
Well she's on income support look.
Thirty nine sixty something a, a week.
But erm I, you know, he he phoned again.
I suppose Bev has told you this bit.
He phoned, and I answered the phone look and erm he changed the story, he said if she wants any money I'll let her have some.
And I said, too late!
I said you've got it writing and in the solicitor's letter, she said in there that erm he must get in, if he do n't understand it or er do n't agree or whatever he must get the solicitor but er ai n't heard, ai n't nothing a about it!
Not a thing!
Mm.
Totally, yeah!
Yeah.
Oh no, tha that's it, hundred percent!
They get enough fees!
Yeah.
Yeah.
Half hour.
So I mean well I suppose it's, times flitting away cos I do n't suppose her solicitor will let it go on forever!
They've taken out of him.
Yeah.
And they've taken out of his pay.
Anyway, but that means going to court wo n't it, you see?
Mm.
Well that's right!
Yeah.
Well she she reckons, you know, on the army and that he can well afford that!
And er I say, I dunno, he might have got a solicitor, it might be all going on, who knows?
No.
No, it's just a case of sitting.
No.
Well, well that's right, I mean, I know she's got ta send it in, I mean it's nothing, but it's something.
Well nothing at all!
Yeah!
We see Jenny Tuesdays, have you seen her?
Yeah!
Well you get so bloody bored do n't you?
You know?
It's a good night actually.
Er, she goes down with a friend.
Oh.
No.
Well thi this is why we dunnit quite seriously because I mean I'm bored to tears!
This weather and all that and i it just drives me daft you know?
Th i it's a nothing sort of month innit, you know?
No!
No!
In the winter you ca n't.
No.
So we well this week on Tuesday we're erm going swim and spa and Rosemary and Anne and all them er Maggie they're, they are all there so this is what we're gon na do try for this week and see what it's like, you know go through all the system there.
But it is a night out.
You know?
That's right!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Cos I say, otherwise all you do is bloody housework and go to up the factory, you know, I mean, it's nothing!
It it's bored!
How's the kids then?
Mm.
Good.
Oh well that's a that's a help is n't it, you know?
Oh really?
Oh, is it hi, was it his decision?
Well that's right!
But I mean.
Mm!
Hell of a but er I mean last night, Val said it's alright..
Yeah, they were nice.
Oh, they were nice..
Mm.
No messing about, I mean, let's be honest.
And er and then got ta by himself.
Yeah.
Well that was that was more like a meal were n't it?
In the end.
I did!
Everything that was going I shoved in there!
No.
and it all, all fell out anyway.
We got.
Well I say, I I'm really annoyed about those tops but.
It do n't matter I mean it's a change anyway but.
Yeah, well that's quite a point innit?
And we have n't got any further.
And we should of dropped that off! have them tomorrow.
I mean them let's face it one out the three of us should of thought a bit more.
they are now, they the week.
I suppose you dunno when he's gon na mend this cooker.
Well normally it takes at least two days.
Yes!
Well they used, and it's only that, I do n't know o get a lorry up on a Wednesday.
And that, that we only have to wait till Thursday.
somebody else will say.
Well somebody else to Ay?
Well I know, I do n't worry, it's just annoying innit?
But somebody who broke down on a Thursday.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh yeah!
I mean, that is a way out is n't it?
Did n't she?
Mm.
Well if you're, if you're able to do what you wan na do in other ways.
I should think they use it you know, well Lesley does the majority of the time.
Oh yeah, I think that's absolutely right!
That's up to you.
Well no, not only that if it's the simplest way.
for yourself, I suppose you carry on doing it would n't you?
I mean, a lot more mess and a lot more doings the other way.
Well, the spuds are alright are n't they?
The other.
of table.
Mm.
Well I I was, I was wondering, see on the market generally they're whites.
And they all come up well.
Oh no, I wo n't, I wo n't need them yet but.
it depends where they go along there does n't it?
Mm.
It depends, I mean.
if they go along they might get better as you go they might get worse, who kno, who knows!
But er.
But.
Some of them, these are a bit hard in the middle you know.
Spuds.
Mm, well I should of said, I mean like they used to.
The thing is that when you erm if you cut them down so much you are gon na have total saute are n't you?
Yeah.
Yeah, I did.
But I mean, it just means cutting them smaller actually.
Do n't you?
Oh I was sick of them down there.
Blame it on.
Do n't worry about the swimming cos we've been down there and she said yeah, I ca n't stir myself.
Lesley.
Well Jenny's asked her you see.
Stir herself.
Did he?
I did n't look.
She said she'd gone after that house but she's not in the blasted catchment area though!
You know, like that great big effort we said about.
But they ca n't sell them.
But, so she might stand a chance.
Cos in the end I mean they've got ta sell them ai n't they?
They reckon.
What?
Yeah.
Well as she said, it's only minutes down the road and they say do n't come into it.
Not sure about what Bev?
Potatoes.
The what Mick, so sorry?
Mm.
Yeah.
They never bring in any in.
they've rented out all the rented ones.
But er Peter's been on the ten day holiday abroad.
got away.
Yep.
He was doing that with business anyway.
He said er he got a letter from Brampton Row.
No jobs!
Well, but whether he just.
But they've lost.
it's the situation she said and we'll stick with it.
I said that.
But I think you get to the stage where you do n't expect to get one you know?
Mm.
Well that's wha, that's the other situation innit?
Is that other bloke still there?
Well he was nice, that day you were talking about me.
Chatting to the right one.

Mm.
Well I should of done them all.
Well, so you say!
Mm.
I see!

Yeah.
So normally he gets up then.
Yeah.
No.
Well it's alright then, it ai n't what I want personally.
Ah!
Well that's good!
It's on and all!
I used to fill up that's why I do n't work.
And it will.
Yep.
Oh!
Aha!
Where's that girl from?
China or somewhere is she?
You know there's one beautiful Chinese or whatever!
Last.
night.
She was dressed in one of the outfits, and I thought well that suits you down to the ground!
Cos I like watching their faces.
, you can see they're fed up.
You can see.
do n't they?
Well, you missed a certain amount facewise particularly.
From the other side.
Ooh no!
I wo n't!
Well, only across the other side, they sat down there.
No.
No.
That was the nicest trip were n't it?
You know.
Are those those discs or whatever you.
They were effective!
They caught up in the air did n't they?
I say, it's all the practice, he suddenly worked it out.
you know?
You're gon na drop one of those.
Mm.
Well they all were.
I mean that that couple of blokes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well no, but I mean I'm not a lover.
It's something going on innit?
I mean, I like the costume, I mean I thought they.
Yeah.
The red buses and the mauve ones and all that I mean they.
Spectacular!
Spectacular!
It was.
She did.
That was all!
That's what I did with a cup of tea this morning did n't I?
It was a ruddy great gulp!
It's not on!
Did n't know what to do!
So it's not as if we're having breathing and did n't know what to do! were n't it?
What?
Well there's no today.
It's not on all the time.
Today is it?
The.
Then you got the sno, blinking snooker every night so.
Well probably at six.
Is it?
That is a good top innit?
Blue one.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well it does n't slide on the ice were n't it?
Mm.
Mm.
Yeah, when they er.
did n't they muck up the ice?

It's a lot of work were n't it?
Well, I'm going to start this thing off.
If I do n't get on and do it I'm never gon na get it done.
Ay?
Yeah, I like that!
I do.
Well that is really yo you feel good wearing that I would have thought.
Have they?
Well blimey!
I do n't why, should of when you were young.
one of those.
Yeah, I know it has but er Lisa's fits you.
Well I say again, I thought they might go with the children.
It probably is erm.
Yes!
And we.
Have a load of kids.
Yeah!

We have one, it, let him know it must be how you sound.
Mm.
It's er, that's not me!
That's not me!
Well I dunno, I'm surprised nativity's started at school now.
I go go round with the bloody out there today!
At one time.
I think some of them have gone now.
There was another one in the.
drive.
I put it up that end cos I thought anybody.
sitting there that ai n't got one, it's.
it's handy.
Kick it off, yeah.
Well that's probably before or just after a service.
If it's ready.
Well if he's anything like last week he wo n't be!
Oh yeah.
Well when I was up there.
Oh well, they find a it goes all over this.
No, it was n't th, last night, it was this morning.
Oh well!
Ay?
I do n't know what's in there.
We have n't touched it.
No we got nothing in it, unless this, oh it's three o'clock!
What we were gon na do is see what this bit like.
Oh yeah!
Well.
No, well no, listen to me!
Do n't bother.
cos I'll probably blooming watch it anyway!
I probably will Mick, cos I do n't.
I do n't put the light out at ten do I?
I want it.
I watched half of it last week, as soon as you told me off I I put it off.
Yeah I was, yeah.
And it's half a blooming hour were n't it?
Ah yeah.
No, you do what you want.
Oh!
Navarone or something.
Navarone, I ca n't have.
It's not the.
Yeah.
Sorry?
Well it had to be three o'clock dunnit? it's the dreary neighbours were n't it?
Ah that's right!
That's right, yeah!
Robert Shaw.
Harrison Ford.
Edward Fox.
Well it could be quite a good story.
Yeah, that's not a war one!
And do n't let us forget Lovejoy tonight!
Have to remember it.
Blake.
At least reme remembered.
Was n't!
But I thought you would of reminded me.
Ha!
That'll be a.
Want a Kit-Kat?
I thought knowing me.
Well if I do n't bring them in they'll sit in the cupboard.
And then we all say cor look, we have n't started them!
Here are then, you ready?
Well you just in here.
I like Kit-Kat very much!
Especially these little ones.
Yeah, it is too much.
That's too.
Well only if it's, I mean that's decent look innit?
It's..
Are you going up?
This one will be alright.
Mm?
That's the bloke!
That's the bloke with her!
Mm.
Yeah, he was but I ca n't remember what he was.
Mm.
I ca n't remember.
Mm.
Well if somebody at work or in a office, bound to have a watch.
I'll take it in one week but if not, I'll leave it there.
Ay?
Mm.
Mind, she could of got that first one out.
Should n't she?
Oh dear oh dear!
Yeah oh, I've done it now.
I think the bloody adults should would n't they?
Well really.
Oh my God!
Is it a what?
A what?
Why?
That's right.
What are you on?
What's that?
Oh what, with no?
Oh!
Oh!
Well it's individual innit?
Well that's a quite good one!
No, on that.
He knows what to do.
So, he wan na be a hero I suppose does n't he?
is it?
Mm.
I do n't mind.
Oh that Harrison Ford he's a good actor I thinks.
There's always plenty of action anyway.
is n't there?
Do you wan na sweet?
Do you want some chocolate?
Yeah,.
Yeah.
It is!
Taking on the rest of them.
Bloody neighbour!
Bloody screeching kids!
They never come in without their, screaming their damned heads off do they?
Never have a, yeah it flipping does!
That feeling, I know little!
They've stopped.
Coming out.
No, no outcome.
But outside.
As I say, what's the point of having and the dogs?
Mm!
Well that was the end of that!
Do n't know who that is!
Is it?
Oh!
I ca n't understand why it do n't get on her nerves, but you.
ca n't, if people gon na ignore it.
then er it goes over the top of their head dunnit?
Why?
Well no.
she can insulate the house.
Yeah, but it do n't get on her nerves that's the whole point!
I mean she's obviously able to throw it off.
I mean, she's in there Mick.
And when we hear it in here she's got it worse in there cos she's in.
there!
But I mean that yesterday afternoon you'd have thought the bloody things were in here would n't.
you?
That was two of them but.
She said she did n't hear them.
Yesterday afternoon, well it started off on Saturday and he ended up outside that house I'm outside ours there was three cars in the drive which you can not get!
Right?
So one went right across the pavement.
Now added to that by our wall there was this ruddy great lorry again it's a great bit thing with an open back right?
We a long.
open back.
So they park that up on the pavement outside our wall did n't come to our gate but, and then did n't it obstruct Alan's because they had it on the pavement, so anybody going down the pavement.
had to go out in the road!
So I said to Mick I'm sure that's illegal.
Well he do n't know!
Anyway, so banging doors people galore!
So come yesterday there was people going and all this business and it ended up with just her car and one red one then the red one goes out she goes with the woman they're outside there two of those bloody King Charles!
And they were in the front room going wild!
Then the afternoon, we'd had lunch anyway I'd got up out the chair, I was so bloody livid!
I got up out the chair and er went out the front door and I said to her for God's sake it's Sunday!
What do you mean?
I said well hell well you've got them going in there full pelt you do n't go in there to stop it!
And she said I ca n't hear them when I'm outside.
And I said, everybody can hear when they're walking down the pavement!
And er I said to her, you know, you must realise that when we're in here we can hear, no, you'd of thought they was in around our feet!
Well I ca n't hear them!
She had the door open at the moment with these bloody dogs yapping and she looked at me and said I ca n't hear them!
So, I said to her right, I said you wan na be in here live in here I said I'll invite you in!
And she went in and shut the door!
Well wha, that's it!
Mick said to me, what did she say?
What did she say?
So I told him!
And I said, you know, quite honestly Sandra she does nothing to stop these dogs.
Well I wonder if she's got a hearing problem, she'd never says she has.
But you think come on!
I mean!
I mean she had the door, the front door open!
At that.
Oh!
So have I!
Well, I said to Mick, he's just got up now.
Oh, I said to him look I said she obviously a person that takes no notice, but she lives out in the country.
Because she's in there!
When it goes on inside, she's in there!
She said I ca n't.
hear it when I'm out here.
So I said, well that's it!
I know he do n't this Sandra and I do n't care a sod!
Bloody had a gutful of her!
I mean, for a start I do n't think she should have four dogs shout out in there all the hours that they are!
And er I'm not saying they're ill treated cos they're probably not, but there's different ways of ill treating is n't there?
Certainly!
No.
Well I have n't seen her.
I saw her that one night look take one of those little ones going up the road but I've, I mean.
All these people there this weekend and I've not seen one dog go out!
And I mean you do n't just stand at your window but at some time or other.
Well they must be!
It's only a three bedroomed bloody semi after all!
Yeah!
Yep!
So I said to him, right I said we either go I mean I keep saying to him you've got ta do something about this!
Either this plaster board holes or whatever the house well the trouble is it costs such a lot of money.
you know, and we are, we have got that insulating lot.
Oh it's she's cantankerous!
She's whatever you say do n't wan na know!
Well I was bloody livid!
I was really livid!
Well th the bloke but I mean he's not attached.
But he's out.
He's out.
No!
But he he always at work or somewhere!
You know, I mean he's only a single bloke.
Hiya Doreen!
But I mean this week er this weekend er, Mr died opposite erm, they've got a, a detached house there and erm somebody went.
Did you?
I did n't know anything about it you see and all of a sudden there's two big black cars in the road the other day.
I do n't know.
Yeah.
I I.
could n't tell you but er these cars turned up erm, there were n't no hearse and off they went and er course when I went up the garden to get some washing in Claire came up and er anyway she said er about Mr and I said well I assume it was him, I saw Mrs and she starts on about this dog barking out in the garden again!
But she wo n't do nothing about it!
I said I had a damn good go at her yesterday afternoon!
She said she did n't hear it!
She was out in the front seeing as one of her umpteen people, I mean they must pack them in!
Doreen if you'd have come up there Saturday.
They blocked the pavement, there was three cars in the drive which you can not get!
They blocked the pavement and there was this bloody great lorry up against the path so anybody coming down or up the road had to walk into the road or co, cross the road to the other side!
But yesterday afternoon I mean, it was Sunday afternoon after all!
And she sa.
You wo n't be able cos.
we wo n't be able to sit out there and you know Claire and George?
But, I mean being in their seventies, well he's eighty now!
Erm they spend lots of afternoons sat.
out there.
I was bloody livid!
I just got up, got out of the chair and went.
I was absolutely furious!
And then she turned round and said well I do n't hear it!
And I said, no but you have the door open.
and these doors were going on, like they're seeing this wild woman off!
Well I thought I do n't but.
No, I say I wo n't leave it now, if I get much more of it then it's the environmental health!
But she's one of those cantankerous types!
But er.
Thanks.
Well that's it!
You know, an and Mick said to me.
you know, I mean they were so good when they came here but I mean they've been shut in for months now!
Months and months!
So I mean, in the end even animals can get cheesed off!
No I've got ta give my arm a rest.
Oh well, up a bit.
No, I say she'll er she'll have to do something about it cos Mick said well, he just said to me no he said well what can she do?
Erm she'll have to get rid of them.
I said, she wo n't to let them bloody in!
I mean that's what they say about Julia that time were n't it?
Well when I went to Citizen's Advice tha that lady said I do n't think it's viable to have four dogs in a semi- detached anyway!
That was a vet so.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I bet my water.
Well who's is that one then?
Well if it was on the floor and somebody wants it they'll have to have it wo n't they?
What's that?
Gone through the now.
It's no wonder er that's the er dearest show or the most expensive show they've ever done costume-wise really.
Very fabulous!
Beautiful!
Even in those seats we had were.
Wembley, yeah.
Yeah.
The seats were fantastic!
That's the one I liked best, the man in the blue.
Yeah, that's the one Bev liked liked best and the merry-go-round that's just in there cos of the fair.
and there's the one that linked right round.
I mean that was they dimmed the lights so that they're not all erm silvery grey at one stage.
I mean, it was a job to say which one.
Yeah, that's the one that went over.
that was the fair.
But erm but the whole the point about this show was three partners had stopped near the door the whole ice was covered with people who and er apart from the juggler an and you know bits.
like that, but but that is n't the woman.
That is n't the woman.
It was a blonde haired woman.
But obviously she was the star when they.
But the actual main star is this one.
He was.
Lovely when they!
You know, the production?
I'm sure they did do it well.
All that time must of had a ball!
I thought that was so this is, we had a bad night's sleep!
I would have said while I was putting out my washing cos I did it last night on purpose for the gas man coming in.
They're all asleep next door!
No!
No!
Anyway, and I have one for Connie, that's the little girl over.
Yeah.
Was one, there's two now.
And so she's on medicine.
Erm I know, like you do these and er I mean I, I've heard about Alan and Sue for a long time, I know they're having a lot of bother, you know with the decorating and all that.
But she's got in there, well I hope Alan and Sue can settle now.
Apparently, a lot of the trouble they had was her father!
He says him to go to work and look after the kid.
Well they got two kids now but the, it was then, you know?
And er Alan apparently wants to go to Spain and Alan said well I'm not bloody working there, as he said, I do n't wan na earn money like that!
And course, they had, with us you know at one time and now they've got that holiday again now, so I mean none of them would of been cheap when they did it.
And er I did n't realise that you know, the father had.
said about it.
I did n't bloody know, I worked it out.
Well he knows he can er, start off.
Oh!
Doreen?
Beautiful it was!
Really was!
Well but we go.
Fifteen fifteen quid seats we had.
Two.
And we had a nice coach this time.
Oh!
Somebody called Freeway Which is a lot of.
Oh yeah, Kingston, yeah.
It was Kingston.
No.
And it was a beautiful warm comfortable.
Last time we went up, la last year was when erm no heating like.
And it was an old coach.
I mean, alright the heating did n't go wrong but it was n't that, the coach itself was you know, really rattled!
Rattled all the time!
We had one good one when we went to Bournemouth.
Yeah, we had a double decker one time when we went to Bournemouth but I ca n't remember who it was.
But that was n't old.
Cos that was when Helen and Tommy's erm wife left their clothes on there thinking it was staying there but it never, it came back.
It was on another run, we got another coach come back so they had to go out to where the one it was to.
pick up their clothes!
But I tell you what though that erm ice rink place it was n't half full!
They fill them up!
Masses and masses amounts of people!
But that is, if you go up under your own steam I mean even dearer than the way we did it.
Then it's.
Yeah.
Then it's London.
That's right.
You know, like the pantos innit?
Yeah, we certainly found it was a.
But er, it was very good!
Yeah.
We used to go with.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh yeah!
Oh!
That tree.
whoever was in.
there, it was good!
That was skating all around, you know it turned.
And the eyes went up and down and then they were going up and down.
Almost, you know and they said they were better, we were right looking at the stage over this time.
Last time we were over here and when it came down it ever such a big thing!
And they just go down like.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Ever such a big thing, or whatever you call it!
Yeah i it's really good!
And, Bev, all Bev said Liquorice Allsort through all this one.
she's got, but I liked those.
. And of course, being so in the back seat they sort of when they, they she.
landed they, they.
they do n't.
as though they, as though they just going off!
I mean you ca n't see their face.
or legs or anything can you?
Yeah.
I did n't watch.

They came down, they were altogether like that but at one point those red ones came down the ice altogether.
You were n't allowed to take photographs.
I took the camera, but I never used it.
But people were popping off again like last year.
And he specifically said this bloke none.
allowed.
Do n't take any notice if they do n't want.

But it was, really was.
Yeah, what the video?
Ya, but yeah.
But I suppose the only difference in this is the.
That's much better.
I mean th the Around the World in Eighty Days was good.
But this was more.
somewhere it says about the am amounts that was spent on the costumes.
Must of been loads and they're opening, there's a new new stadium.
They're at least seventeen, not over twenty the first figure skater.
But somewhere it says about the amount it cost, but I mean if must be like that.
Must be bad!
I mean, even one's like this.
You know?
But he was magnificent!
Tremendous that one!
. But it was, it was very good!
But it shows the difference between last year and this year.
When we went up to th, we had coffee and Mick had a bottle of beer erm, before we went in and and last year, well you would n't of go, dreamed of getting a seat in that restaurant area, yo you would n't!
Now, this year we.
and there was a spare table.
And, the people that were milling around us when you're trying to drink a cup of coffee stood up last year it was just the, you know, people are not.
Yes.
Well I do n't think so.
I'd have to ask Mick but I do n't think so.
Oh certainly!
Certainly, because erm I say it's you know, it's sort of an extra innit? something innit?
You know?
And er but you could see it.
I mean it's a huge place Doreen!
Erm, probably the ice hockey or whatever like that they.
but there was a hell of a lot of!
Yep!
Yep!
Oh yeah!
Yeah.
Yeah.
Nice place though!
It's a nice though.
You know, for sitting and that.
Well we do n't know where we are in that do we?
Walk in where you like.
Well that was a few.
That was a.
I have n't got a clue to be honest, you.
know.
If I was you.
He could be on..
Ah!
Take me out.

Yeah.
That's right.
Well you just hope that his sister's keeps running along do n't you?
You.
know?
I mean er I suppose you got quite quite a few outlets now.
Were they?
Mm.
Are they?
Have they?
No.
Yeah.
Ya.
A what?
Oh no time left?
No!
The you see these days because it's there one minute and then it's.
not is it?
No, right.
Oh yeah.
.Well I put my washing out and I thought to myself right, today.


I do n't think he will for one minute!
They, they did n't bother.
to come, come up on a Wednesday we're all going out for a.
well that'll mean Thursday.
But I thought well I'll get on with it, what, when they get up.
I just chucked everything in that I had, did it, in the box and we were out before seven.
And I thought well that way it's done innit?
Oh yeah!
Yeah, I know that when I.
Mm.
Well course, there's gon na be a certain amount of all in the same day is n't there?
You know, I mean.
Well was there were n't he?

Yeah!
Well er.
Yeah?
Mm.
Yeah.
Oh I know!
Well.
well that's right!
Where was that person where we went erm we went somewhere.
Was it, David?
Dave was being.

Well I dunno where it was.
How are you?
Oh God!
No, Daryll, yeah I've still told her where she's gone.
And a quarter of your please?
Thank you very much.
Oh that's smashing!
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well no!
Ah!
What girl?
So that's for somebody else then?
Seven pound.
It was over seven pound.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well then I did did n't I?
I did.
Well I wonder if there's anywhere else you know?
I mean I could definitely do with these sides done.
Oh I'll try it.
Try it.
You did n't!
Why's that then?
Well I dunno, you are n't bothered about a job are you?
Well if if you do n't want it say no Bev!
What is it then?
Leave it then.
Yeah I know, but it's no good if you're gon na get yourself uptight about it!
Just gon na go and on though are n't you?
Well you can always say you ca n't do it, you've got divorced innit?
I I, there's no point Bev if it's gon na bother you!
I'm telling you now!
I thought you were yesterday.
I thought were a little bit uptight.
What is it then?
Yeah.
Well, cos if it's any good,.
Who knows!
Mm.
You got a couple of letters here.
Yeah.
Well I should make your mind up Bev, here and now.
You really must!
If you prefer not I'll, I'll say.
I know you want it Bev but it's no good getting yourself uptight!
It's no good at all!
No good at all!
Just waffle on and be done.
It's to be expected really.
What?
Well no, you must make your mind up love.
Yay or nay I mean there's only a possibili, what is the thing you do n't know how to do?
What is it then?
I mean, it seem to me it would be an ideal one if.
if, if, from what she says.
So you take the bull by the horns or you do n't!
Or you do n't.
But if yo if yo let it get you down then you do n't.
Mhm.
Well that's what it is, apprehension's made that happen.
Certainly.
Well, I say, he tend to go at eleven and three, so think about it.
I mean, from the sound of it she's answers the telephone, does a bit of typing and.
Mm.
Does a bit of typing.
So why not?
I understand that totally.
But I think it's take the bull by the horns.
and I mean let's face it you might not like it!
You might not you might get there and you might say oh I do n't like this!
But that can be the same anywhere could n't it?
If you come up my place.
Which I'm sure you would n't like would you?
Well I suppose if you want to work then the first one is.
Ay?
Mm!
Certainly is!
But I say, I'm sure your capable of taking the bull by the horns.
Oh well!
I mean er that's why I never done the yesterday.
I mean, it's not that she's probably gon na go after it but I, you know, who knows!
I mean they know up there because of the, of theirs.
But they'll probably rather annoying at the moment.
Innit?
Well I think it's If you want it.
Yes, that's right.
I mean, as I say, you might get there and you might hate it anyway.
No.
No, another he said was that bloke came in later.
What was that man's name?
Clive?
Clive?
I mean unless they get a temp from an agency they gon na want somebody are n't they?
Sounds to me as though they're just sell stuff, I I do n't know!
But it sounds to me as though it's taking something off the telephone, which is simple innit?
And erm a bit of couple of letters typed.
I mean, the re at the least you could go and have a look I suppose if.
He never said.
He honestly never said.
It seemed to me it were the type of place you could sit and do your knitting.
If she's sat watching them she's pregnant but if she'd have sat watching Neighbours and she were n't able to was she?
And he did say to me well he has spoken to me about it, he did say answering the telephone.
He said that.
As I say, I've only met her the once.
And she come up in the car for him once.
But I mean the first step is always the hardest.
I mean, if that do n't only apply to you.
But er if you want it an and it's then no harm in going and having a look!
Is there?
Like I say, the choice is yours hundred percent!
You do n't have to.
Well the butt of it then has got ta be go over.
I mean if, if she wanted you to go out there today, just if then the sensible is to pick up a taxi.
Certainly!
I mean I went, I'm i if it's the place where we said it is then, I mean it I know we went through Thicket, yes I do!
Cos I saw their horses and which I think are Moira's.
But I mean you know what I'm like in a car I just sit there and then then your father turned in and there was all these, where we went to get the carpet, you know?
And that is as much as I can sort of remember.
But I really do n't take much notice anyway, sat in a car.
I do n't.
Still as I say, no, th it's, it's a fair comment to say it's to be expected.
But if you can overcome that you know, by saying ah what the hell!
It's either this or nothing which, which it is and if you want it I mean Lesley's not bothered about it cos he's giving her seven hundred quid a blooming month!
Well neither would you if yo, somebody give you seven hundred quid a month!
Neither would I!
For God's sake!
I would n't get up at six, put the washing out and then go up there!
Thinking.
Well she says it's guilt money and that is possible.
But, I think you're quite right in what you say.
Quite right!
No doubt about that.
You never know with what she said anyway.
Unpredictable.
But I mean, knowing her the the the sa, the money she's had she will erm certainly look after.
You know?
I mean she's been living off what seventy three odd quid has she?
So I mean there is n't anyway in the world that she's gon na bank seven hundred quid a month!
No way at all!
She'll er make the most of that because she wo n't possibly money for erm.
she'll want money for the deposit and and whatever she gets.
Has there been much noise today?
Well I did it on the way.
Why not?
And stupid git there should of popped those in there!
Really stupid!
Could of done that easily could n't I?
There's plenty time were n't there?
Yeah!
Yeah, they did like it.
But I say, you have to be there to appreciate it do n't you?
You know?
Sorry?
Mm mm.
We can go on Sunday.
Was she in there?
She's very is n't she?
I can hear it now.
Do you?
Well the red car innit?
I'll try her again and this time let it all come out.
Impress on them that you do n't wan na come out with it short.
Can you?
Lorna or somebody.
Well we know, we know Lorna.
But it seems to me that Gwendoline and Margarite that are scissor happy.
Do n't go in there.
No I mean if the, one of the I think the situation.
will change totally and I.
mean I do n't know what this is.
I.
Well.
yeah, not so, so confident but if you do n't make the attempt.
And you've done this all before under worse circumstances.
Oh well, I really do!
But I think sometimes I mean you've either got to do what you do coming back from Germany I think you have to take the bull by the horns do n't you?
And I tell you, I do n't know what this is.
Or if it's gon na occur but it seems to me it would, or sounds like it would be a simple let in to the.
to the situation.
Erm that's only what I heard, that's all!
I do n't think it's a massive place that you know, I I just think it's like a warehouse thing.
A.
A might be the word.
I do n't know!
But it was no different from me starting work up here that time.
after so long, which it was a long time.
Course it is n't!
It ju it's just the same.
But in the end I had to do it did n't I?
Well you have to do it.
If the circumstances are such you have to do it.
And er I say, that well purely taking the bull by the horns innit?
Really?
It's for your own benefit because.
whatever it pays if it's, if it's better will pay more than obviously what you're gon na get from either or.
Then go in or.
Yeah, I know you still get his.
Well you ca.
Mm mm mm.
That's right.
But nevertheless you know, if you could get it and you could manage it it will relieve the bloody boredom would n't it?
Cos it is boring!
Course it's boring!
Boring for me!
Because what is it.
and that's where it should be nice made a change did n't they?
You know?
That's where it made a difference but I was sticking in all the blinking week I'll save that till he gets home but apart from.
Well apart the radio but I expect they're gon na a radio of sorts you know?
But er no I say, the choice is yours.
Certainly!
Well that, the first step's some when will have to be taken.
Certainly will!
But then, I mean a actually I mean as I said, Lesley ai n't that bothered because of what he's giving her.
but at the same time she's got all lethargic cos.
cos she wo n't even go out with Jenny, look!
I mean, I say, still again, I do n't know whether she swims or she does n't but nevertheless it's an invitation out innit?
Well any of it!
Well even if you went and watched.
There was.
there was people watching over the balcony last week.
I saw them!
But I say I believe in in one respect alright, she's got the car she can whip in and out but I do believe in another respect she's got to the point where she ca n't be bothered!
And it's so easy to sit every day innit?
Anyway, so might not get the opportunity anyway, so it might not arise.
Well the point is, for a thing like that if somebody else knows somebody.
and they're willing to take you on for x you know erm it just, a lot of it is word of mouth.
It is!
Do n't mean there's a what's a name in there, a waistcoat.
mohair I think.
But I dunno.
That's your father.
Mind, I get bored to tears with doing this every damn day!
Bored out my skull!
Right well if I ordered another, I order from the thing.
If I ordered another four.
Oh yeah.
Oh well stay away from Friday then.
m.
What I ca n't understand is, it happens all the time my telephone next door.
and somebody must try and get in touch with her in the evening if she's not in.
But I mean we've had this for blooming weeks now ai n't we?
Er nine weeks.
Mm when you can hear the telephone like that in here, there's no wonder you can hear the rest of them.
cos that telephone was in the hall.
Mm.
What on the other end?
Mm, that was stupid yesterday though Mark putting that on.
god dear me, who ever even thought of it look stopped now.
Yeah, dependent on, I mean that's twice since I've been home innit?
Obvious they're away then innit?
I do n't know I mean sometimes it goes and I think she's in there do n't you?
I wonder if all the dogs are in there?
I thought, when I went and opened the windows I saw the other one but I did n't see the.
I do n't think they take the dogs out in the car for a run, you know, like a lot of people do.
I do n't think she puts them in the car.
Mm.
Yeah, something where you can put the bar up at the back.
and erm Val has got one ai n't she, for Just.
Is it a telephone?
It's got ta be.
a telephone, what the hell's going on?
I reckon it's been brought into the front room because erm, if she shut that door for them, cos she shuts the animal in a, a room here there and bloody everywhere, it's stopped again now ai n't it?
Oh that's twice, a hell of a lot of time but er.
But they said wet and windy, but that was n't there was it?
Oh, up North, right.
Yeah Okay.
Is it open?
Oh yeah.
Oh!
No, I mean do n't be like.
I say over there and on foot.
ai n't it?
You know.
At least out the way.
Cor!
Oh sorry!
But I mean if we do go out I, she's out whether I go in town or somewhere.
And then you got something simpler for cooking tonight, do n't you?
Do n't have to mess about when we get in.
It's too much hassle innit?
These plates must be your father's ai n't they?
Cos we did n't have any done did we?
Oh I got, so that's one of your father's innit?
Oh I'll put him in his side.
There's a.
Oh, if we lose it it's only a.
I put on se, when I do the leighs I did the door on the end of it look.
I do n't bother to change.
And then next week I must order some more coal for but erm, I've got ta go outside here so no good doing it for this week is it?
Well I mean, see you get messed about ca n't you?
I mean he er he used to as regular as clock work but I say, and I have had those times when he comes four o'clock- ish even in the afternoon.
Well then.
the whole day's.
gone now.
Do n't let me forget them slides.
Why?
An hour?
Yeah.
Right.
Yeah, yeah.
Right.
Yeah.
So we need to be home by half past four then?
Mm.
Yeah.
Right.
Yeah.
Have we go, got windows open upstairs or not?
Well I say, you just have to do your best, so doing but if there's any left over it'll be, always be tomorrow look.
Wo n't it?
Put that wor erm torch back in the car.
And er that'll be out the way wo n't it?
And I think I'll have to now push on about this.
these.
Cos it does.
Well it, what sauce do you want?
Cos that will give you a lot.
as far as I know but.
tomorrow.
I do n't think exactly what he wants cos he came back and have some more of that other thing did n't he?
You know if they're there, they'll have it.
We can have mash with it ca n't we?
Mash is better I think.
It is for you innit?
You prefer that do n't you?
Not very often, no.
Do n't really like them.
No.
How's your throat today?
Probably.
do n't it?
In her hair.
That's right.
Yeah.
Come over dunnit?
Have a a bit of fresh air, it's a bit of fresh innit?
Well especially on a day like this, I mean you ca go out on a day like today.
The water in all this.
It's alright.
Ah!
I should think so.
There'll be plenty of the other and a there's gravy anyway is n't there?
Which is sometimes what we have innit?
Well there's always other things.
Oh no, that's right.
It is though innit?
I mean there's more if you want it, you know?
But.

Well I said, cos I said to her yesterday, it's got ta be done has n't it?
You got ta start now.
waiting and waiting and then it's Christmas again innit?
Yeah.
I mean.
Ay?
Well of course there is.
If you get one going good.
it's or.
Why?
That's why I ai n't put it out yet, but we'll er shove in everything that we can.
Well I put it on the stuff and it's blown, I'll keep it because that's what I've just used.
one thing or the other.
No doubt about that.
No.
Yeah.
So I rang up that si, that lot got better.
Yeah.
You do n't want here.
Yeah.
And the.
That was funny were n't it?
Mm.
vacuum cleaner on.
Ay?
Yeah.
No, but do n't forget later on.
Well I said I wan na I wan na wash this floor.
Well cos first of all I thought well you know, I do n't wan na not about okay.
switching off vacuum cleaner behind the cooker innit?
Look at that!
Behind the cooker somewhere.
Leak somewhere do n't they?
Right,.
she thought of anybody good I suppose you'd have a.
you'd have a job would n't you?
Aye.
That's what?
What do you mean I'm safe?
Yeah.
Well that's why you, I bought some ones One lu one in the bathroom and one in the landing look and one in the front bedroom.
up there.
A, of course, you do n't remember that.
And they're normally in some, e, windows that you have them checks for them is n't there?
Right well you're supposed to have fire escapes with flats.
I always thought anyway.
Supposed to.
Yeah.
Right.
Right.
Oops!
Must use those carrots up Sunday though wo n't we?
What thing?
I know.
No.
Yeah,.
They're not working, they're not working are they?
Oh I wo n't bother to move that ai n't going to post out.
I said I wo n't bother to move that washing.
No, thanks.
Oh you wan na to have a look at it anyway.
Yeah.
Jake's going to that place tomorrow.
That woman, we went there have n't we?
And er no point in faking it.
Balloons.
But he's got a organ now.
Well I think it's an organ do n't we?
Yeah.
It was his fault.
but er.
I mean she was only seeing the last one off when I came home from work!
Did Edith give you anything?
Oh well I hope she does or we're both gon na bank on it were n't it?
Yeah.
I think you mean, I mean you just want these.
Yeah, but I mean you've got ta look at it.
Yeah that's alright is n't it?
Ahh yo you like that?
Innit?
Well that's blooming worse family than that.
innit?
The trucks gone now.
I burnt.
I burnt the.
I burnt the.
No, that one wo n't go in, it's rubbish!
Burnt that lot see, and I done some more.
And er so and so i I never said a word to him.
Edith said, have you heard anything?
And so I mean I said it quite and I said no, well they have n't come and ask me.
And er usually, never said a word he's like a friend and erm, this woman who I said to her, mind he do n't do anything about this I suppose.
So, perhaps it was her or and er tend to like her but but I think he, what he says he means.
Oh yes.
And that's poor!
And I know something too but she ca n't.
Well, certainly.
But erm.
Well we'll have to get the carpet.
Well that what was that price for Bev?, ah!
Well we was gon na.
we was gon na look in the erm advertiser and er big rugs.
I got that advert today.
But er to, she never bought her, she's never made.
So she said well I'll go out then and she's lives in a massive great she'll say to come back, so and stuck there, well poor old Margaret.
They're sleeping tomorrow night.
, myself sometimes.
What?
F I.
Well it's only some of this wallpaper tomorrow night.
I do n't know what this is like, you go ahead love.
radio.
Oh I'm cleaning.
If you just pop that down over here.
Just the same?
I am.
Well I do n't know.
Finished?
Ooh!
Oh come.
Yeah.
That's why there's.
Oh, perhaps I'll try it.
What?
What?
Oh yes.
Do you want any bread?
I do n't know what it is.
Mine's the red one.
Do you all want bread?
Do n't.
No.
Cos she's not fussy.
Oh right.
Yeah.?

Oh, I got some more brandy love and that was it.
Oh I know but look.
You're gon na bring that one are you?
Yeah.
Well that's how my bringing the boys.
What tonight?
You ca n't come with me now!
This is it, they do n't dri, coming down town tomorrow.
Yeah, they are.
Well, we'll see, I mean.
No!
We'll have a look perhaps, would er I mean.
Got ta use the old packet of mince innit?
Not yet.
That's right.
That's not bad.
Oh.
They're a boring type!
is there?
Two hundred and seventeen poll tax with a bit more to go on it.
sounds like, what is the bags or what?
And what goes onto it and then he.
Bit of a game were n't it?
I do n't suppose they'll go up twenty eight P have you?
You can take from here?
To near twenty six.
But to go up that bit bit further than the other.
But I ca n't see any of them justifying that.
I do n't know.
Well what did she say?
Glen her, Glen they say, is n't it?
Okay.
Is it, no?
Well you know substantial rise is n't it?
Well if you go by by bus every morning that's why a bus in the night, in the.
the eleven o'clock bus.
Unless they're gon na walk in the pouring rain, no whatever!
I do n't.
Do you want some.
cake now, just here?
Good!
Well, look I've got.
No!
Ooh no!
Then if we we're going out and then we well anyway, what's the point of in the cupboard?
What do you want?
There you are, if your father bought that clock back.
After all the debating and.
We were like that were n't we?
We were like that.
. If you wan na refuse it.
Well, are we gon na put Bellise on?
We do n't want any more though do we?
When I.

All the sweets spoiling me! even done the washing up now innit?
Calling you a bugger, I'm washing up!
Well I know, I only do they did tonight.
Got ta take them glasses have n't you?

Which one do you want Mick?
Do you want the Swiss brown or the rest of the walnut?
Fine.
Alright then I'll have the walnut.
I could get us there you know?
After the weekend I could get us there.
Be one of yours wo n't it Bev?
It's on the front of yours love.
I did.
Yours.
It looks like.
It's nine o'clock.
What?
Is that the one you're going over now?
Well I took them both.
And put them your side since we found that I did them for you.
And I do n't believe at all.
Yeah, that's right.
Which one?
Oh yeah.
I do n't know.
Oh!
Blimey that were quick!
They done that one, and you're starting now.
Yeah.
Well I could only say in the cupboard?
What I say only have to look.
Right.
Last one.
Erm at least you know I'm terribly.
So.
That's what I to.
do.
I mean, and that one in Joan's fit innit?
That's Pippa's things.
Pip will give them up.
Well he's had a here ai n't he, tonight?
He's here tonight, I forgot.
I got ta do all those bits and pieces tonight have n't I?
So?
That's right.
What?
Why?
Wo n't you?
Oh you no go, ah I see you do!
Mm.
I'd probably have to go there on the eighth.

Twenty eight.
Twenty seventh this time.
I have.
Have you got a please?
No, you wan na sit here?
Are you sure?
Well do n't say it, I might have cut one off.
That's a problem innit?
A what?
A pencil or a pen?
Yeah.
I do n't know.
together, I do n't know.
Oh yeah!
Yeah.
That's right.
Did they get on alright?
He's older than her.
Not that one either.
This is the received one.
That's the other one is n't it?
Five sixty five.
Where's the other one?
Yeah.
I know.
Well I've got that to do.
Well I just leave that one in here.
do we?
Right.
Whe where is this?
This i this is.
Bellise is it?
Oh pa!
Seen who?

Oh I'll that again.
Oh wait a minute.
All I've got to do when I give the tape back is.
Mm?
I do n't remember paper.
What the midweek?

Where's that?
What is this bloody.
You want that?
Oh, it's what we're looking for is n't it?
Have you seen the midweek this week?
Oh, I hope I've.
I do n't have to keep them, that's all, I got ta know.
I've got the receipt.
I wo n't, besides the fact.
Ai n't you got.
Well I could all of those letters could n't I?
Would you like there for tomorrow?
?
I might have put it in the the bin.
I said I have n't put it in the bin.
Well, I dunno it'll be.
Oh Christ!
I think Gill will be quite pleased with that clock now.
Do n't you?
Cos ooh, we have to.
Innit?
The clock we bought them for Christmas.
No, this one.
I do n't know.
what it is.
In fact, I got ta.
Might be what?
What, like the.
I'll have a look under there, yeah.
You have that and I'll get that one.
Oh, and she did get it.
I think he's an agent for that.
I'll ask Pete.
Have a look on it.
They burn them first when you've finished.
That's free.
Mm.
I think that Bob is an agent.
Oh I've never heard such a load of bloody rubbish in my life!
Yeah, I think it is.
Right, I have n't got any paper have I?
Well I do n't remember what er did at the paper.

Ooh!
Oh that was a long walk were n't it?
Lovely day though!!
And it was quite warm was n't it?
I do n't know whether I got ta take what they.
No.
But you can pick one up easy enough ca n't we?
Well I'll go and have a look for us at the bus stop innit?
Right, that's all I got a tape, eight o'clock innit?
Eight thirty.
Start at half past nine and start again at nine thirty.
What?
What do you say?
Oh father!
No, I do n't want this.
Where did you have, those scissors?
Where they over there?
No, it's the television money!
Getting on well without.
Mm?
Ay?
Surely are n't that bad.
Your grandfather!
Yeah,.
What have I done with?
He wants to pick them up.
Ha!
I dunno!
I dunno what it is!
I never heard it!
Is it?
Yeah, wo wonder why it was have they?
Oh!
And they wo n't play it all in Germany?
Oh!
Oh!
She's got quite a haunting voice.
It's nice.
Got a high tone.
Do n't like those do you?

Well no it's not.
I see.
Sorry?
I dunno what you're on about!
What this?
What's that?
What's happening now then?
Ooh!
I see what you're on about.
I did n't know what you were on about!
Oh!
Do you want that Time Out?
Not have a car as.
well..
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well it's one of the, the insurances.
Has it got the bonus?
Well that was this year, wo n't need to keep that.
Oh we got some this year, we never got none last year.
did we?
Yeah, we did n't get any last year, they.
did n't, could n't give any out was n't it?
Something like that.
No money.
Yeah that's one of those that I pay tomorrow.
Yeah that one.
Er.
Well it looks like you got ta pay it out it you know and take that.
from there.
That was all.
All the debt a vous Oh!
Well I do n't have er, I I've in there innit?
On that tape?
And get er eight o'clock it'll be compo were n't it?
And.
er, the new comedy on one starting tonight.
Er where is it on that but we need something is it tonight we look at Compo Yeah.
And we.
No we're going to tape, erm.
We're going to need tomorrow to tape.
No, I do n't.

Mm.
Yeah.
Yeah, so?
What?
We tape those?
Why not?
It's on a, after Compo.
Ah!
Got you!
Ah ha ha ha ha ha!
Because they break.
Got you!
Mm.
Oh I got you now.
I'd sooner have Compo anyway.
Why's that?
Yeah, we have Compo next.
Normally tape Compo.
Oh!
That's what I said to you.
Do we want it tonight?
We shall save it then!
Dunno!
I'm st, work out what we were doing then!
The!
I both said a time.
Dunno about holiday, I said cor blimey!
Is the Cornwa go Cornwall good?
I said I I'm going on a cruise, the go that men started laughing I said yeah I am one day.
I said even it's not till the last.
Said alright? away from here!
Well!
They one for are n't they?
Well it do n't bother me, what an experience!
Innit dear?
Caribbean in the er.
Indies.
Well that's West Indies.
And then Bob said Jamaica I said, yeah that'll do!
Well one of those went to Jamaica!
everything.
Mm.
Stayed on island.
Mm!
Do you know it's time for?
Oh it's not!
Nope.
Four rows.
Yeah, and then six.
And then that's it?
It's long enough innit?.
I got four.
You just do n't a year.
Anyway, well let's hope this.
Probably get one back to Claire.
Oh I they all owe me now!
Even Connie owes me!
After all, I got that by now though.
They'll probably write back thank you!
We love it!
We've all got colds and ca n't afford any more medicine!
So, I'm fed up I want to go to Malita And then we get, they'll call in and say you have n't come up there for a week!
Ha!
What is it four years?
He says do n't he say far.
too far back.
But erm.
she said he's getting really irritable now!
See it's it's lovely to get it done and like that but.
not to that that extent that you put in every minute!
It's lovely if you can stay in your flat as long as you needed to.
It's lovely if you had enough money to do it all when you wanted to do it.
It's a marvellous opportunity anyway!
no but he wo n't have a mortgage.
He does n't have a mortgage.
He owes he owes the family so he'll be paying back.
But he'll never have a mortgage.
He wo n't ha, he wo n't have no no government sce, you know, no.
But he he owes the bank, borrows from the bank like.
But er that'll have to be paid back but I mean tha that's nothing is it?
I mean, he's got a bank loan rather than twe twenty five year on your property around your neck!
No, I mean, it would have been fantastic if they'd had the cash to just get on would n't it?
Mind you, knowing the I think it's just a, a.
No.
Oh!
Well.
I mean anybody getting into and deeper than him I'd be surprised!
Right?
Ca n't get any worse!

Well they got to close up.

Aha.
Mm..
Did you hear about that woman?
We both know about that.
That whisky gone and all that.
You know it?
Oh!
whe when the doctor comes.
about sixty for him in he?
The doctor only drinks whisky!
Something or other, yeah.
Yeah remember, yeah he did.
Yeah!
Got to tell her about that have n't they Mick?
Not very happy!
He looked through it!
Ay?
Oh God!
Well I'm sure he'll be paying for that.
I am!
Well I am Mick because.
it's on card!
They pull them all out Mick!
Ninety, hundred years old.
Well they pull them out!
Ai n't no doubt about it!
And when is this one?
Yeah.
No erm.
One night in the week was n't it?
Well I ca n't, ca n't remember.
Oh!
Oh yeah!
Well if er you think you're gon na be sure, ah?
Well, do n't need to go up there then.
Want me to go up there?
Oh of course, you got all that have n't you?
Mm.
Oh alright.
Here's some.
I think so, yeah.
I know you used a.
Bloody morning I was up at quarter to nine!
How much have they got in normal cars?
I got ta go straight down in the morning.
The bakers.
But.
Oh Lore yeah!
Oh yeah!
I'm not a go, I'm not going down there.
Not th, yet.
Soon.
After.
Sorry?
Mm.
Right!
Right!
Right!
Well stretch it on the two when you get.
Well you have to stretch it!
You stretch it when you put it on!
Well it's only a forty one!
With your neck if it come out at a forty that'll be fine wo n't it?
It's always looks you know.
, look!
Look!
Aye it will.
When you come over down your arm in the summer.
One of those innit?
One of them that you, well.
Well you got after this.
I've done my bit.
Well it's fitting a blouse innit?
Well, what we do seven will have to do.
Alright.
Well let.
well let me do, I've got ta get.
Yeah I'll get to my numbers.
Where is the front?
I know the back or whatever it is, I dunno.
I'm just doing the front.
I am happy with it.
I just ca n't get the.
No, I just ca n't get the enthusiasm cracking.
I think it's.
Yeah I know, only I'm tired!
Really think I'm tired!
And I really do think that!
All the I've stuck after work.
And I did try and sit on one of them.
No,.
You're up and down like a yo-yo!
Now, and you're even more tired than if you start a family, you know?
Well I do, I do the little bits again.
I dunno what we're doing on one of them.
I did n't do it, I'll have to do it tomorrow.
You know when they put in the foam wall cavity you know the, when they.
Yeah!
Yes!
Erm green, red and yellow.
And they're all for brurgh er er, I dunno!
Th the three colours are a purpose.
Whatever!
Whatever!
They're all the same size.
They're all the same size they're just different colours, so whenever.

I wondered if it was different solution?
I dunno what it is but they're about that long and about that round and then they got this trigger like you similar what you do on the Vax hold the trigger.
And they make those horrible shoe box they were open.
, once it shuts, did you ever see those?
Come up like that?
You did n't see them?
They're not supposed to be but they are virtually child-proof now, they showed them!
Well they a, they are!
You seen me shopping in before.
As Doreen says to me did I see the one on number six?
Well yes I did.
But I did n't take a lot of it.
All I saw was he was tall one I never saw I could see the impression and it was like four stars.
And I just turned round cos I was making these trigger things, you know this cavity.
thing and I went cor that's pretty tall!
Never thought any more about it and she said to me was that this morning?
Oh the other er she said I'd had four of those, and I said what are they then?
And they're tips to put on the canes so you do n't poke your eyes out in the garden.
But I ai n't seen one yet.
Now, I remember ages, ages, ages ago this was talked about.
But it never materialised, well it has now!
But I had n't actually looked at one, picked one up myself but she pinched four.
But they obviously do n't pinch them do they cos.
er, no.
They tried it first cos it's brand new tool.
Only about that big four, cos they go in one of the little machines.
But I know, talking about, I shall be down there.
Yeah, I shall be down there tomorrow.
Next to the the the triggers.
, I know.
I mean, she has n't got a man of her own but there's plenty going in there is he?
No.
Did she?
No, I do n't know!
There's so many men go in there!
I just dunno!
But he came with a box that day.
It's probably the dead father!
?
Well he works here I know that!
Gone outside.
I know!
I know!
I know!
That's cos I think there are two coloured one next.
Alright.
I know bu, no, I do n't wan na leave it!
I wan na see it finished!
But it's the cost.
It's and say get on with it!
Oh God!
Well I think it's, we're insufficient.
I do!
Mm!
Well I enjoy my swimming, like.
Look no!
The whole point is what am I going on to, I'm going for free are n't I?
Yeah.
It's innit?
It's still and and foggy and innit?
The thing is we can stay longer in the swimming pool.
We had a hell of a long time in the what's it?
Did n't we?
Yeah I know it is!
Well, it do n't matter!
It's another one pound something, that's all innit?
It's one pound sixty forty.
One pound forty to three pound.
Seventy five.
Well, so what!
We got a lot of facility.
But I mean I, I could of swum more.
I like the other, I like both of it.
Now you can see just what I say.
Oh I do!
Where's that.
Well start He's foreign do n't worry!
If you start that off we're not gon na forget it are we?
They working a car? pull, put it back in.
What's the matter?

No it's alright we'll do them.
Just.
Well.
Well they do get stuck.
It's incredible!
. Ca n't really use for it can you?
Why is this one.
Long holes.
The details along this one.
Strange innit?
They're the ones that do n't bother taking them.
Strange alright!
Whoever's done that.
Well I think one night of aerobic, one night.
No, you do n't!
Claire will lend you, will do!
Well Marylin's.
first.
Then you got Sian, then you got a, ooh!
Very weird!
Windsurfing.
Ladies and start the kitchen and all that.
Ha!
Ha!
Well you would n't.
want me to do it on my own would you?
I've only got this blue and black.
They'll let me through, er Sainsburys?
Ah?
Oh darling!
No er necessarily lo like that.
I think that's why it comes out a bit boring.
Well Lesley said that about the aerobics did n't she?
Yeah, she is too!
Yeah, they got a lot of problems mind.
No, not at all actually.
I think for Lesley taking up a bit personally.
Do you?
Yeah.
But, that's up to her.
Well you look, oh the other one too, I mean she's being stupid with her!
Really.
I mean, let's be honest, alright, so she does wan na whether she do want the firm to fold or not, I'm not certain.
But I mean, when your phoned in.
Yeah!
I would!
I would!
Mm.
Who?
Too right!
Well, I said, tell the truth all the time did n't I?
What.
Only I think you'll have to.
If that's the way you feel.
Where yo where you are I mean they'll have nothing.
Is there anything I should be doing to this flat?
And then, she might well say either she does want something from them or she ai n't!
Wo n't she?
Well if, I sometimes feel a letter, I mean you what she said that morning when you phoned?
I sometimes, this is what I said Marion I just feel a letter does n't pressurise them.
Alright, you got ta wait a couple a days for a reply but erm I do think sometimes, anyway, it's on paper then is n't it?
I mean fortunately you put all that in that first letter did n't you?
Ah?
Do n't you want it on?
That's the top?
Oh!
Yeah.
Yeah, it's true innit?
Oh they're over here.
Are they?
Well!
Did n't take no notice of the old woman!.
Yeah!
Why is some?
I thought Dashwood was going out of this here Bill.
Well it's in the paper anyway.

I'd say for what he wants.
Mm.
Where are, where is your?
Yeah.
No, it's twenty nine.
Oh!
Yeah.
Oh no!
It's not that much!
No.
I did n't think there was at all.
What do you want me to do then?
Oh!
Alright.
Urgh!
Dirty was n't it?
I'd look very nice with erm that.
Not one in here.
Oh blow me stupid!
Who were that, you or me!
Oh!
I could n't hear.
I warned you!
Have you done it?
Oh God, those blasted sweets!
Does he really?
What there?
Yeah, that's a mole.
Mm.
Mm!
Mm! innit?
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Urgh!
Does it?
Yeah.
We are going to watch Us Girls.
Are we?
Is that what you said?
New si part comedy series.
I wonder why they put that car down there tonight?
I wonder if Alan's said something.
Because they er to try and get them out.
He might have done.
But he would do it!
Yeah.
Ah, has he left enough room for our?
No, you go over by Georges do n't you?
As long anything.
Yeah, there's enough for both of them.
Oh.
Well I've never known them do that before have you?
But when I er come down this morning I thought Christ he's never gon na get out of there!
Cos I mean it's an awkward space innit Mick?
And they do n't seem to have do they?
Peugeot one o, er one o six.
Is it, or a Renault?
Why?
The more you sew.
Yeah!
Well just carry stitches and then bring in a bit and then double up.
Do it that way.
Yeah.
Do it then.
You do it your way!
I would n't do it that way personally but then.
No!
What do you wan na do?
Then and then up to that's how would do it.
I'm not saying it'll come out right, but that's what I'm saying I would do it.
Is this it?
Why?
It's on now innit?
Last of the Summer Wine, Us Girls.
You're on one are n't you?
Whining farting howling erm he came in at half past five and er overnight again she's got two carloads there so it was just the same till gone eleven anyway when Mick came in I said to him what did that bloke say and he said he's looking out some different equipment to what he.
and hopefully But I said to him about Duttons Road and I said to him what I'll do is, I've got ta go to town tomorrow I'll er get some tapes and start taping.
and write a letter for Duttons Road, enclose one of the tapes and say where do I go from here?
I mean you know, I mean it was just impossible, I do n't know what the hell's going on in there.
There's two cars in the road, two in the drive this morning.
Been there all night.
Course they're all in bed are n't they?
Well I have n't been using the bus Sandra.
Ooh!
Dear oh dear.
Well sometimes they went up one.
Some while back.
Well we've been walking, I mean we ai n't been out this week.
Yeah.
Ah there's the continuation innit?
I suppose that's perfectly true.
Got ta be.
Got ta be innit?
Yeah but people do n't realize do they?
Well that's what I mean.
Oh well we've been walking when we've gone into town but I mean just between you and me but when I got home Bev said pop into town I've got a parcel to post and I said well I ca n't I said because according to Des well nothing happened.
and she got a bit angry and I, I get a bit angry so I said, because I said well what the hell is going on?
Now.
He should.
Well I'm not gon na say a word to him Sandra, I'm not.
gon na say a word, I'm gon na wait on and see if he says anything and er she got.
Mm.
Yeah.
Well I think it's a just a mess about place do n't you?
I mean she's in and out of town all the time like you said here there and bloody everywhere.
Well why did n't he say that yesterday then?
I mean it.
Well but yesterday, when he said that, you'd of thought.
well mind you, the only thing is he said did she get a phone call yesterday and she never so he might have he expected her to have had one.
Would you not think?
Yeah.
But she's getting cross now cos I said to her look you've got ta think about this seriously.
You going out there, you stop all your Income Support and it co turns out to be a bloody week or something well alright you turn round and get back on Income Support but it's not simple is it?
All of them yeah.
Well as far as I know.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But I, I mean I'm.
Yeah.
Well I'm not very happy about this situation at all, I have to say.
Alright so he should keep his mouth shut, this I agree with but at the same time she leaves.
tomorrow.
No.
So it's up to her.
I said to her well it's up to you what you do, but I said er I, I do n't like the situation.
I mean she sat watching Neighbours all that day.
He did say to me right in the very beginning basically it's answering the telephone.
And then er that.
That's right.
But that day that that woman phoned up the house erm she said I've been watching Neighbours or something.
and she said erm one of them, I think it was Clive, he's just narked off she said.
She did.
Hiya Doreen.
Yeah, so it's up to Bev what she does about it but I mean I'm bloody pissed off with it.
She does keep on, but I'm not gon na say a word to him.
She never got a phone call about that job.
Anyway I'm not saying a word to him, I'm gon na wait and see if and what he says because I say it's making me angry.
And that's the second, third time he's said to me.
So I'm not gon na say nothing.
Absolutely.
I never.
Never even bloody thought about it anyway.
But I say it's in peculiar bloody works.
But I do n't think it is a works, I think it's two blokes, I dunno how many are there but it all I've heard of is these two bosses.
and her.
And I say if she sits watching Neighbours and pops in to town to book a holiday for Brittany and well I sha n't, I sha n't say.
Well that's what Bev said.
She said watching Neighbours?
But she told Bev.
And I said.
Some do.
Mm.
Mm.
Ooh er stupid person!
God!
Well that must have been a big bit surely.
Well bit late anyway were n't it?
Yeah well I say.
Mm I see that.
Body Shop was on there erm.
this morning, no just now.
I do n't know whether they're having difficulties, I do n't know what it was about but he seemed very serious, this man.
It was all about money.
but.
I dunno.
Yeah.
Yeah well the banks are all.
Well that's nothing to them is it?
Yeah well it's nothing to them.
Yeah.
This is it.
But erm.
Morning.
Yeah but they do n't.
Oh I did n't, I did n't know.
Er.
Oh I did n't know.
Was it?
Oh I did n't know, I did n't see.
How much, forty pound?
Yours is?
Oh you did did n't you?
Yeah that's right.
Oh.
I know I did seen it on the T V, different places, but I, I did n't know anything about here.
Well.
well in the end I expect there'll be a lot of places that do it do n't you?
I mean it's er true, is n't it?
It's true so well one here.
If you get caught.
Well yeah.
Did you see in, I do n't know wha where it was free paper.
the other day but yeah it must have been cos I have n't seen any papers since Monday how many thousands do n't pay on not paying their television licence.
Well there you go, it's just another fraud.
Thought we started in June, but I got one more to pay.
So I got I got Friday to pay and that's ten months.
Well it is for me.
Definitely.
I've got one more.
That'll be February's payment yeah No.
No.
It would be March because we started late did n't we?
Do you remember?
Yeah well normally I would of been finished would n't I?
I pay it at the end of the previous month so it's due on the twenty eighth, twenty ninth.
Yeah we did but I had a feeling we were late last year.
Yeah.
No I, I, but I'm sure I've got one more to pay but it'll be the fifteenth of March that'll be due.
Cos I do it, the day he gets paid I pay all the bills.
and that'll be for the next month.
Well that depends when they start again dunnit?
Yeah.
Do n't know Sandra.
But I'm.
sure I've got one more to pay.
So's Welwyn innit?
Yeah.
I saw that on the well proposed.
Yeah.
Ah.
And where was that?
Yeah.
Mm.
Mm.
Well all you can do is tell them, I mean you're within the law then, it's up to them innit?
You know?

Mm.
But I mean it's like Hugh, they said he had n't registered or something was n't it?
That's what they said.
But, said to me one day erm.
He had n't registered, that's what I was told.
So when the bit of paper came they just ignore it.
Mm.

Mm.
Yeah but he had n't registered, that's what cos I said to well I do n't really know this sort of thing I said, said here, that's first I knew.
I said now there's three more of us that know that he's not paying poll tax.
then she said yeah he told me all about it, she said he had n't registered.
And I said well if, if you're gon na do this sort of thing you keep your bloody gob shut.
Do n't you?
Cos there's all of us that know now, she knows.
They ca n't cos I do n't think there's enough.
in this country.
What I said, if it was like.
No!
If it was like Germany where everything is, is regimented, whatever word you wan na use whether you agree with this or whether you do n't, everybody in Germany pays everything that they should.
Now, if you agree.
Oh yeah.
Mm.
Yeah.
Well you see.
Yeah.
But you see you can say it's the big brother and all this rubbish, but the fact remains that we three are paying the poll tax and he is not.
This is how it ends up.
I mean everything is, is well, regimented, I ca n't think of a better word.
Yeah.
Yes they do.
Yeah.
Mm.
Well of course and this is do n't you feel whether it's.
Yeah!
So you and I and Doreen.
This is it! immigration to stop.
with Dennis and Marge we'd been out with Dennis and Marge you know, a while back, and they're both Scottish and they run this country down to the.
and he's, he's working in there!
up until now, but, well are different now this is the last place he stopped, he would walk down the road if he heard of a job for five pound more.
and.
He did.
Now he's staying here.
because of the state of the country, or the state of the employment, but we've been out, actually out with those two and they put this country down.
yet they never stayed up in Scotland cos there was nothing to bloody do.
Now they own their coun well they're buying their council house he works for where was you know, and she's erm something director, financial director now.
You see?
I mean but I mean people are still flooding into this country today.
Well no, that was another thing more or less as I was coming out the door they'd got the news thing on and this was Australia the new prime minister, I do n't know his name, he's running down I did n't hear it properly but I heard the gist of it, erm and it.
yeah it was running us down this morning cos Britain something something something.
The insults to the queen, I mean she grimaced when they said it and she had to.
just sit there and she's not allowed to answer back.
I do n't know why they do n't write push off!
And then do n't.
Oh yeah.
There was a programme, there was I mean a lot of it was East Germany but there was a programme on.
West Germany that was a while back now and the rivers were in filth.
I mean when they find a bit here there's all hell let loose is n't there?
I mean even down.
they had that central heating oil and there was a big boom built all round to stop it spreading.

Well they sit, they sit on the steps do n't they?
They sit on the steps.
Well mind you Andover is, I thought.

Well I feel really so I would n't that job.
I mean the other morning I looked down and somebody had thrown up in the street.
all across the pavement and I thought.
That's the you know by the time sort of office workers are going in, they've done all the streets and all the pavements but while they're doing it it's a hell of a mess.
Well I sha n't go, said this morning do you wan na go to town today but I said well I've got ta go tomorrow.
erm but I said we really hung around all day yesterday with that.
I'd like to stuff it, I, I would!
I'd say stuff it.
I know she wants to get out of the house, I know.
she wants to do something.
but I'm not so sure about this.
I'm not so sure about it.
No I do n't know anything.
I, I just think er er I've got a feeling.
one day when I said something he come up with a name but it did n't register.
It's up where I got my carpet, up erm.
commercial centre,.
I mean if she.
if she buses she got a half hour walk there.
Yeah.
I mean if it, if it I mean originally he said to me it was part time so I thought to myself well that'll be perfect, just get her back into the flow again.
Then this woman says erm nine nine till five thirty I think she said well the five thirty bit would be alright would n't it.
The nine, well you go down into and you get a bus go wherever it dropped you and then half a mile, mind you that's gon na cost you about fifty P.
just to get.
That's right, yeah.
It must do if it's gon na be forty eight to The Drove, yeah.
Cos they go up on Saturday.
What now?
Well it's going up two P on Monday.
Yeah.

Oh yeah.

again for them and erm I got a phone call again from Pauline yesterday and now wants a wine making book and it's.
by that bloke Berry from Andover.
and er.
I said we've been to his house, Mick and me long time ago when he lived way and erm I said to Mick well have I got ta send this?
And he said well no I do n't think so, he said, er too late this year for it.
Take it with us. more postage.
Well it's their grapes cos they've done it you see.
four and Andrew's round there now.
Well.
miracle innit?
That what?
I know.
Yeah but when it's the other one that's slow they go by the other one.
They go by the slowest clock.
Mm?
Yeah but that's the one they start by, you know he, he starts.
when he feels like it.
Well no.
Eh?
Everybody else does.
Two minutes to I was told.
Yeah.
that's what I was told when I come here.
Do n't let her Steve.
Steve, do n't let her.
Okay.
Ta ta then.
Me?
Depends how I feel when I get home.
If I feel brassed off I bloody well will.
Well it seems stupid Thursday and Friday, that's all.
I mean another thing is.
oh there, yeah I dunno what that is.
Oh is it?
Oh.
Oh it is a weed though innit?
Half and half.
What, like a rockery?
Oh.
See you.
Oh I do n't know a weed I did.
Oh I bet bloody phone.
He never said a word.
Not a word.
said to me has he, has she heard anything and I said no and I told her what she said.
She said well you do n't wan na take no notice of him.
He is a liar.
Mind you she phoned her once look.
She was supposed to phone her back Tuesday, that's what his wife said.
Well I said.
No.
I said to Bev erm do n't mean to say, I mean I might get home and find she's got a phone call but she said to me yes I mean we, she did think of going out yesterday, and it was me that stopped it but if I feel so inclined today we'll go down if she's in.
cos I have n't been for about a month, three weeks.
Just for the afternoon.
He's horrible really you know.
Do n't you find it so terribly annoying that he's walking round not paying his poll tax?
Do n't you?
Well I do Sandra.
I mean Doreen said erm I would n't do nothing about it but well when we found out she said I will, I'll report him but you know when you know.
Oh here she is.
Alright?
Having a walkies today, well why not.
Tis nice innit?
I say if you want we'll phone Leslie.
I said to Sandra, well this job business Bev, he's not said a bloody word to me this morning he's, in actual fact he's been.
well yeah, he has n't been able to.
no, but he has n't been able to because he has to come round but he's all ra ra ra ra, whistle whistle whistle.
Tuesday mm.
But it's.
but there's there's something I did n't tell you the other day.
and I did say to you that you must go, if you go there you must go on the books because you're with a solicitor.
Yeah.
Well I, what I did n't tell you was I do n't know if I told Sandra did I?
No I did n't.
No well.
Yeah.
Well well well.
well.
he said to me one day, and I do n't remember the day he said the best thing would be for her to go on casual, then she can keep her thingy thingy.
Well I never said.
yeah, well I never.
Well she's registered already.
And I mean if she got this job she'd have to pay the full amount, if she's on Income Support you do n't do you?
But that's beside the point.
Yeah well.
Well no, that's very fair comment Bev but I think this is a dodgy do.
I find this.
I find this strange.
Anyway what he said to me was.
Yeah, no they're not, they're giving her a lump sum.
Yeah but they're giving her it all in one lump sum, that's the deposit on their place.
He told me that.
But this other bit that I was telling you.
he phoned her that mor it was that morning, I know it was now, and anyway he went off and he phoned her and he came back and he said to me yes she'll, give us your phone number did n't he?
And she said, he said she said yes that's cheaper for us.
Cos they wo n't be paying any.
thingy doodles, I, I said I do n't think you ought to touch it.
Well that's what I said to you.
I told you that did n't I?
But I did n't tell you all that was said cos I thought well I'm not gon na say it if there's no need because you would automatically go there.
Well I think it's gon na be difficult anyway Bev.
And the bus fares will be.
I, I do n't, I I'm bothered.
I know.
I'm bothered about it though.
Well Sandra.
Oh.
the hospital?
But I'm, I'm bothered by all this.
I know he's a liar, I know he can be a liar, but I'm still bothered by it, I mean.
it's Thursday and she was supposed to phone you Tuesday but he still keeps.
I think it, you know.
Well it would.
Well it's like.
Yeah but this is the one that ai n't paying his poll tax look Bev.
Ai n't registered.
Well you've bloody registered and you've only been back a month have n't you?
Month and a bit.
No I do n't like this, I do n't er it sticks in your mind do n't it?
Well Sue said that to me up here did n't she?
Yes it was.
But I mean.
Mm.
Oh that's something I was.
Well.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Right now.
I've just remembered this, her saying about Annette, you know when Sue came up and said about erm being stunk out by the exhaust on that.
bloody lorry.
right then we got on to talking about him going into the gents and what he does, he do n't shut the door and such.
right?
And I said yeah, I was on one and Suzie was on seven, and I said yeah, even the cleaners complain, you know, in the evening that he do n't shut the door when he goes to the loo and er I said, must have said, when she's working and Dee Dee turned round and she gl she laughed and said working?
I said well whatever you wan na call it.
And then er I said well th this place was never like this when old was here and, and Dee said no it damned well was n't.
And I looked at Sue and I said you know she's got twenty jobs erm two cleaning and.
childminding.
And I said how, I, how does he get on?
She said oh that's up to her, that's nothing to do with us.
So if he does declare them.
There were there were four there this morning when I went to work.
Good.
Well let's hope your father brings that thing home tonight.
If not I'll go and buy one tomorrow.
I'll go and buy something.
Yeah?
Well I was gon na send a tape look.
If he brings, I wo n't and.
I think I.
no well I was gon na do that.
write a letter,, send a tape to say here's an example of how we're living, and leave it up to them then.
Yeah but what's the point?
What's the point?
If I can.
Well then they'll tell me wo n't they?
But at least it'll be on the cards wo n't it?
I'd sooner tape because I mean that was quite impressive that tape with all that static was n't it?

It was terrible downstairs was n't it?
But she was laying in bed listening to them last night were n't you?
God knows what they get up to in there.
She was laying in bed.
And we.
were awful.
Well we erm we did n't go to bed till did we?
Yeah.
Right I'll get us some fags, we'll have a couple of cakes.
Well I do n't see the point, I mean we're staying in every bloody daft day are n't we?
You know?
And I really think.
Eh?
I think it's bloody.
peculiar innit?
Well this is what she said ju just now, yeah well not just now, earlier on, she said about getting out there and I said well I'm sure it's that place she said well it's the only one out there that she could think of.
Do you want one of these?
And er I said to her well and er she said that she was embarrassed, I think he's about the.
the best erm.
well no.
conversation anything else we need?
We're alright for milk.
Anything else?
Hiya May.
Yeah.
Erm.
I do n't know.
Erm let me think, ca n't remember now.
No?
Go and see if there's any nice big spuds Nice weather is n't it?
Yeah.
Well I'm done now for till tomorrow morning and then thank god it's Friday I say.
I do n't know what we want for tonight but we might go down my sister's this afternoon so we want something easy for when we come back.
Mm.
No, not yet.
Blooming is innit?
Well I say if we can go in and out and not stick indoors all the time you know?
That's right.
Yeah yeah.
There is some mince in there.
Shall we do a stew in a pot before we go?
Shepherd's pie?
Yeah.
Well I've got.

Yeah but then you're only, it'll be all cooked wo n't it?
That's got ta be coo I'm sure we can get spuds out for that.
We got onions, we got mince and we've got Oxos, let's do that shall we, have one of those?
Then all that's got ta be done is chucked in the oven innit?
But I do n't see staying in every damned day for this er.
Do you?
Right we'll do that.
I mean we'll.
Well if you want carrots, yeah.
I do n't mind.
If you want them get them, it wo n't do any harm.
Go and get two or three.
Go and get two or three, that'll do.
Right I want forty red band Marlborough and quarter of peppermints if you've got them today.
I do n't know I the other day.
No, I'll get her chews then.
And she's getting erm two or three carrots.
No there were n't many left I remember love the other day.
ooh beautiful out innit?
It's always the way innit?
It's always the way innit?
I mean yesterday I did a load of washing it's been in the garage ever since cos I.
I thought it was gon na pour yesterday.
Yeah, so you do n't chance it do you?
Okay?
Cheers.
Right Right.
Thank you very much.
Anything else you can think of?
that'll do fine wo n't it?
Thanks Maureen, bye.
Right well it's the sort of day we walk down there innit?
No they was all on about theirs this morning erm poll tax cos it's.
Well Sandra started off saying it's two hundred and seventeen pound each poll tax plus there's gon na be more on top because of the parish or something, but the actual borough rate is two hundred and seventeen and er then whatever it comes out at.
forty pound off something and er course then Doreen gets on to the subject of Des again and all these people that do n't pay cos apparently somewhere, and I she said Portsmouth but I'm not I ca n't really remember what she said.
they're gon na put a list up of non payers but you ca n't put a lit up of people like him because he's not registered.
No.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
No.
Hiya.
Better off then are they?
Well it's alright, we'll get something sorted.
At the what?
Who said, who told them?
On the books?

Who??
Oh.
For Howard?
What the whole?
Yeah?
Oh well he said he he said he'd have to have a look at it did n't he?
What?
Well if I erm.
What?
Oh we'll see.
I'll take that, I'll readdress that letter and.
and that can go in the box ca n't it?
Normally, I say, I do n't see the point of staying in for this.
I know we've got ta go out tomorrow but then if we do n't go down there today we're not gon na go this week.
Yeah.
It's dirty, it runs out black.
That's a new, brand new tap that is.
Brand new tap.
I do n't know who you do that.
That'll be a job for Tim wo n't it?
I just hope that that boy.
I mean he.
he said he understood why we wanted to do it.
But.
Yeah you can.
Yeah, that's all we've got left.
Yeah well I mean with all this noise and that you do n't feel like doing much do you?
Anyway I talked to Ann about this this morning and we've come to the decision to leave it on because that's what we did in the in the erm.
in the ha in the what's name there and it might be a better idea because it's not.
So if we start pulling them about which is cos I said to her about the hall and if I do n't scrub it all off we're gon na have to erm gon na have to do the hall and er I said we've got to try to put it on because the walls are so ooh bitty you know what I mean?
And er I really feel that, you know, you can make yourself more bloody trouble cos that's what happened to Helen next door.
When she got the erm paper off in the erm er er in the hall, she found it all fell apart.
All the walls fell apart.
I've done this before, but I mean Tim will have to have a look at it when he.
if it, if we ca n't, oh it's the dustman.
dustman innit?
I've got a bucket yeah, why?
Oh.
Oh a kettle should do, after that lot.
If we can get that lot sorted.
and then you can use the kettle ca n't you?
Yeah?
?
Right I'll leave that there.
No I'm afraid this Des is.
a very peculiar character, I just find it all so peculiar.
And I mean Dee said to me this morning cos she heard us one morning.
well Des, she heard Des look talking about it and er she said has she heard anything and I said no, I said not fully but more or less we stayed in yesterday cos you said shall we go out did n't you?
And I said more or less we stayed in but not a word.
And I say there was some sort of a an embarrassment I can only call it.
today.
All this whistling and.
nervous, yeah.
Bit of singing and and that sort of thing.
Well they wan na, do n't matter to me at all I just think they're dodgy characters.
And you know they do n't pay the poll tax and you you've been told almost you can do it on casual.
You got to think about it ai n't you?
Eh?
Well you would n't do it, no.
Too much bloody worry, I mean we've never done anything like that anyway.
I say it's like him him not paying his poll tax.
If he's gon na do things like that he wants to keep his gob shut does n't he?
You know?
I just ca n't understand.
But mind you he ca n't keep his gob shut, so I do understand you know that er.
that is the way he is.
He's full of gut really.
But anyway if they did phone now I think it's very bad practice if she's leaving tomorrow.
cos Sandra said why the hell has she left so late?
You know I mean it must be three weeks now till she has it.
She said you do n't normally do that.
Well that's what she said, fortnight either way actually.
Just exactly what Sandra said.
So she been in next door has she, all, the whole morning?
Yeah well of course only just gone from last bloody night have n't they?
I mean she seems to fill the bloody house with people every day of the week.
Certainly some strange goings on in there I reckon.
Some people what?
Help what?
Yeah but it's such a strange bloody house innit?
Do n't know what's going on in there do you?
If it picked up, if he finds what I think he could probably find us I mean he knows precisely what we want and.
Yes but as I said before he now has heard it so.
he knows what we want to eliminate.
I'm sure he will.
What about the animals this morning then?
Well probably cos somebody'd been with them.
Innit?
Well if they're not left continually on their own they've got a bit of company have n't they?
That's the point.
But when they're left totally on their own for hours and hours.
Well make the veg if I do that.
The woman what?
Yeah?
Went up the garden?
What were they doing then?
Got a chicken and a bloody rabbit up there.
Well there was.
Whether there still is, I mean I used to hear the chicken making a ruddy noise.
I mean obviously you wo n't hear the rabbit but I do n't think I'm gon na stay in anyway.
Alright so we'll be out two days there's.
nothing to do.
I mean we even get bored with the knitting.
Eh?
Mm.
What's the?
Oh But I mean I get to work I'm so bloody tired.
I'll get those earplugs out for night times if it's necessary.
What?
Yeah.
No we can shove that in the box.
Do n't know what it is, do n't need to open it do we?
I know he's, he's up there this weekend.
What?
Oh they brought that back in.
He's got ta work Bev, he's not doing enough.
He's not doing enough, he had one bad result another.
No you did n't did you?
Couple of decent ones and one bad one.
And his average is sixty two percent.
Sunday but I mean I'm not sure, I'll say it now, I'm not sure I'm certainly not sure he's doing enough.
If you think about it if you think about it I've probably.
where he is up and down, up and down and people are in and out and.
well I'm sorry but from where I'm looking at it sixty two but not that I've thought about it in any depth but.
Oh yeah.
Probably touting for business, that's all it is.
Barclays have lost a load of money.
Yeah.
It's in the freezer, there's a packet.
And I say if you do the spuds just well, if they start to go brown inside chuck them.
Cos it goes right the way through.
There's a lot of out to the hospital though innit?
Well I think we'll have to find somewhere to lock it, well Danny says there's places all over.
Yeah.
Could get a, quite a a good deal I would have thought somewhere.
Well why not?
Yeah that's a good idea.
No.
Well see what they say.
Is there anything in here I've got ta get out?
things.
No.
But you need some more onion.
the potato will be on the top anyway so that wo n't matter will it?
No.
Oh well we can do that then.
That'll be simpler anyway wo n't it?
It'll be a pot of potatoes but I should put some onion in there though.
Cos he'll want that.
And your meat yeah.
Well that'll be a bit simpler wo n't it?
Could that be done in a pot?
Well a pot will be simpler for when we get back if she's in of course but.
Mind you get your tea.
I think we need a breather anyway.
Yeah.
It's beautiful innit?
Well yeah.
Screw yeah.
Well.
This but this is twenty five pounds worth there.
I mean it was only months ago cos it's only a while ago that Tim came.
I saw that down there again.
I should chuck another one in, what difference does it make?
Yeah that is it.
I mean there is a lot of wall space here that is not wall look.
but I ca n't see the point of doing vinyl on that anyway I really can not.
Here I'll tell you what oh yeah no, alright if you have that.
I can have er Emma Freud explores the unspoilt i island of Belize.
That'll be interesting I.
It's erm.
Travelogue half past eight till nine.
Mm.
Is she?
Well that'll be interesting.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Right so it's eight thirty on four and nine o'clock on two.
Oh yes, well he would.
eight.
eight thirty on four.
Oh shove it.
and nine o'clock on.
on two, alright?
Now what's the time?
Now, now I want something now.
I do n't want Coronation Street Tomorrow's World Def Two's still on.
Well we'll have to have Coronation Street then.
This is what?
Oh oh.
Mm.
Who, this one?
Told you in here who it was This is Your Life, Gary's Choice.
It says I ca n't give anything away but that the show is show's not a load of old cosh tonight.
Tis a bit.
What?
Made in advance?
They'd have to be really to get all the people together would n't they?
Oh bloody cup of tea now.
I'm not in a foul mood, I'm talking to myself.
Do you want tea?
Does it work?
in the kitchen.
No, on the walls.
Does it work?
have it done?
Can we have it done?
Is it permanent?
Yeah that's what I said to Ann look.
What could you have done out there?
Yeah.
And what sort of wood would that have to be?
Mm.
That would be permanent would n't it?
It had all better be.

Got ta have something permanent there.
Have n't we?
To make it easier.
And that would n't be cold would it?
I never thought about that.
Where would you get that?
Yeah?
That's quite an idea is n't it?
Is it very hard?
And that's this stuff here?
Quite an idea innit?
Be worth the money in the end would n't it?
And then would you varnish that?
If you.
It would be nice though would n't it?
In the end.
I mean that would all have to come off, all the lot would n't it?
Everything.
That would be rather nice you know.
Could n't you get in?
Well you've got ta get it have n't you?
It's a pity you have n't got to earn enough to put in there and pay for it.
Yeah it do n't it make much odds though.
Oh it was the other day when I went in there.
Crikey that did n't take us any time at all.
Mm probably.
Ooh ooh god.
That was best night's sleep I had last night for ages.
No I'll go in that one.
Well unless they make a noise.
Well if that boy's bringing that thing in we'll have to.
Why?
It's it's.
well it is, it's using it.
Mm hear that minute you said that I knew that but it never, it never I mean.
Well you'll have to go through the lot.
You'll have to go through all the Bs.
I have n't, I have n't got a clue but I knew it the minute the second you said it I knew it.
I say because I was running around a bit I think.
I think that's probably the, the thing.
Just did it, that's the answer.
Blooming annoying though.
what I had on it.
Alright, I'm up to hundred and one now.
Well had n't been any for ages.
It's getting very boring though.
Yeah.
Yeah I, the mix with this, did you?
Mm.
Sorry?
And what colour is that?
The erm nice, this oh no.
not that green.
Or that green?
Or that green.
Yeah.
Mm.
Yeah.
That's right.
I might get a blooming letter from Pauline someone then might n't I?
Doubt it if she keeps ringing up.
The other ones was n't it?
Where do you go, Tesco's?
Oh you will do.
Oh yeah sure you were.
Well that's quite a point actually.
Well she always says get your arse back to Eng.
to England.
Her mother.
And she's a right ooh get your arse back Well when Peggy gets gets more.
Do n't she?
Yeah.
Get your arse back to England she says.
No otherwise I ca n't do.
Oh god I ca n't stop yawning.
In what?
Oh I never watched it.
Which one is it you're on about?
Show me.
That was late on at night though were n't it?
Yeah it was here.
No.
It was n't a time that I would, it er when I.
No, not me.
Er yeah.
No, not here.
when you get into them?
Take a long time.
Mm.
What?
I should think so, yeah.
No, two hour thing.
Well it would n't much would it?
You know if,.
But if we.

Well if she does it.
not me.
That's.
Oh dear!
Hundred and three.
But you've got fourteen more th fourteen more than me.
Yeah, but seven a time.
Mm.
for god's sake do n't say I'm doing it wrong.
Mm.
Oh do we?
Oh.
There's Morsey.
It's a lovely car innit?
Oh I do.
Oh I think it's beautiful old car.
You do n't!
You ca n't it's brand new.
Really?
Does n't he know her or something?
There goes that bloody dog.
Bloody house innit?
There goes the other one out the back.
Bloody people.
We must try and get some really good ones though if he brings that machine in.
I mean I pity about today.
That would have been.
What, when you were here?
Mm.
Well I'll leave that job for you then if.
Yeah.
Well I I get a bit annoyed actually because like I said.
Well I, I am.
I am a bit annoyed so I said do n't get messed about I said this is the whole point cos if, if you get over there and there's and it's only for a bloody week it'll be annoying.
Yeah I just do n't know.
I never said a word to him, he said it to me.
I think so.
I know.
Des said to me this morning did Bev get a phone call yesterday and I said no.
You know, from that works.
and he said oh she will today.
She will today.
No.
That's it, it's getting a little bit annoying.
She leaves on Friday.
Well I dunno, that was this morning, he come up to me.
Oh no, no but.
I find it annoying anyway.
That's it.
Eh?
Well course she can but it seemed a bit strange that he said that this morning.
Does n't it?
Now what?
A damned good job I got one innit?
got a system now.
Well he's got a system.
has n't he?
Got your key?
only one?
Mm.
Bye bye.
Well half past eight, nine.
Channel Four.
Okay.
I'm not beating you.
Oh no I'm doing the wrong one, I'll be hundred and five.
I've done out all me rows, I've got ta come down instead of going across.
I'll be hundred and five.
Oh I see what I've done now.
Is that him?
I do n't recognize him.
Oh it's.
Young boy?
I do n't remember that.
Mm?
Who's he then?
Oh.
Mm?
That was a bit rude was n't it?
Yeah.
I like him though.
Mm.
Oh yeah.
Mm.
What, with Rosemary and that?
Well I think so, I mean they're all good company by the looks are n't they and.
it's a different night innit, something.
Well I expect your father will have to take us out or perhaps Anne'll pick us up.
That's it.
Mm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Or get your father to run us out and taxi back.
Mm I know.
Yeah.
I know, some people can wear it, some people ca n't.
That's all that is is n't it?
That bowl of fruit there!
Mm.
would n't it?
That must be a little pub then, that thing is it?
Eh?
Oh before Yeah that's a nice hairstyle if you can keep it like it.
Mm.
Poor old Morsey. half past eight, what's the time?
Oh.
What did I say it was?
Oh god I ca n't remember.
Four.
This is at two.
This is on three.
No nor me.
Yeah.
Yeah well we did n't concentrate on it when it started actually, we was all talking were n't we?
That's the trouble.
Well.
Yeah, I did n't realize who he was actually.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well.
No I did n't see him.
Oh that's right, that was the B T man.
British Telecom man.
He was repairing the.
Hark at that bloody row next door.
No I did n't.
I did n't see that.
No that was the B T man.
Mm.
He comes through and said if you want a.
Yeah.
That's right.
What the one with the.
Son-in-law is it?
Oh yeah, that was her daughter was n't it?
Yeah.
Her daughter died.
and the er grandson yeah.
Yeah that's right.
Mm see what I've got will you?
Please.
I had the black one, so something different.
I think I've had all the mango ones.
Might not have done though.
What?
Yeah I'll have a mango then please.
We've got nine left now?
Good grief.
Oh well that's good then.
Well you go to town on them then.
First of March?
Oh that's Saturday then innit did I say?
I must go and get some wood.
What?
It's doctor and wife.
He's gon na say he could n't have pulled the trigger.
Certainly will cos she's leaving well that do n't matter, have a look and erm, it might turn out fine, it might keep you occupied for a while.
Do you want your water and that?
It's over there.
have I done that?
No I have n't, damn it that would of been.
would n't it?
Did I say one?
I think I did, er, mm no I say you've got to be choosy, certainly I'll agree with that, anyway by the sound of it, like.
said she seems like she's.
or does down there.
Mm.
That's right.
Yeah well they, they correct spelling and all that do n't they?
Some of them.
Mm.
Hit A, B and C.
Erm you've done.
Yeah, you've done your pills have n't you?
I've asked you that, nothing else you need to take down there.
Er ta, start the video ai n't I?
Oh I'll check that, one, that's what I said did n't I?
Hello mummy, where are you?
Hello love, oh.
Ah?
oh.
just take cut her plant down like I did.
I had to cut that one down, it's all there look oh.
So what do I do here, I've put the potatoes on.
what about this other stuff?
Put it in and stir it.
What?
Oh and I want it to be ready that's all.
Is it?
Alright, I.
have I?
I use is it, is that all you can do with it?
It's happened again.
Right, I, the first thing I do is go out and sweep it off the road then, I ca n't, I just ca n't remember.
nip down and get a loaf yeah.
Ah?
Well what do you want?
You want this dish?
Well the only thing I can do.
is, yeah, that will do, but it'll have to go that way.
okay?
Which one?
Now what about Oxos?
None at all?
If you want.
What?
it does a bit do n't it?
Oh well, so what number?
I know.
what number?
Four.
Yeah sounds like it actually.
no.
When I've had this tea I'll go down and get a cut one.
When I've had this tea, I'll go down and get a cut.
wo n't be worth buying anything else down there anyway, cos it will be.
wo n't it?
be interesting anyway.
yeah, well there you are, there you are.
right, well this can go in then can it?
yeah, no.
Right, well that's good well that's what we needed were n't it something like that?
Really.
we have n't half got through.
quick ai n't we?
Oh well.
oh, oh look I'll have this tea and I'll go over and get something, the what?
Yeah I see that it just come through the door.
What, a lot of it's adverts mind lot of adverts in there.
Oh I've put them in the drawer, top drawer, the er kitchen drawer.
Oh it is true, but it did, it did do it, but that was the other day and I did n't think that they had the same effect, no, well perhaps so, mind you I mean we have done a lot of walking, have n't we?
If those bus fares are going up like Sandra says.
wo n't be worth going on the bus unless like I said you've got a great load to carry but then that could be worked out on a Saturday morning, it would mean going down there, after Tesco's that's the only thing.
You ca n't.
ha, mm.
Well you might be home within an hour.
wo n't you?
That's the only way to look at it I'm afraid.
No.
No, do n't blame you.
Well no I mean it's not in your best interest and you would n't do it anyway, that's more to the point.
You've never done it so you wo n't bloody start now, it's not worth all the hassle, for god sake, you know damn well it's wrong oh there's another load next door now, in a white van.
Yeah, that's that bloke who was on the bike.
right, cheers.
Dunno.
this is advert.
I know I'm obviously not gon na take everything, am I?
Cos I would n't fifty five, seventy, eighty, ninety five that'll do wo n't it?
That'll do, I mean there will be people who take the whole damn lot, although I do n't want to be embarrassed.
Well there's that one in the paper, I'll have that one, that'll probably go on longer that Tetley tea one mm.
Mm ah well that's quite a thought innit?
Pity we ai n't near Sawbridgeworth play house.
It's too much of a journey ai n't it, they do quite an amount there I think still.
there and.
we'll probably fill our time, I mean if just if you're working that'll change it wo n't it?
where's that?
Where?
Quick read.
Oh, erm, we must, I wo n't do it tomorrow I do n't think.
Easter in Jersey?
yeah and I want that, whereabouts in Jersey?
Just Jersey.
oh that's.
that's Holland.
Ypres.
that's where my grandfather died Ypres.
John.
That's alright as long as it's not an old one, ha.
Oh I ai n't been there ha when's that?
That's Easter innit?
Nineteen is, is, is er Good Friday.
Mm, still a few then ai n't there?
How much is that one?
Yeah see there's, they're alright, but if they do n't fill it you do n't go.
cos it happened before.
well we must wait on a bit, we'll have to now, if she had n't phoned it would of been, you know something nice to think about wo n't it?
Yeah, oh, well April is Easter, April nineteen, twenty, twenty one, twenty two, and it looks like your father he said he might take some time innit?
Oh yeah, if that, she short of cash she can well sure be back, I bet you, I wonder who's she taken over there?
I ca n't see them two paying out for somebody to look after it and I can not really I can not Seasons, well what you got on today?
Mm.
Yeah I read one today, that's better.
I did n't know she was from Wales.
You had a short skirt on today.
What?
I can see them bloody lines on her stocking.
shorts.
Is it another sleepless night and I'll get my bloody ear plugs out.
Oh well alright I'd better go and get some bread right anything else we need?
Eh?
Erm.
Oh well we shall see what we shall see.
I shall start it tonight, it's all noise, it's all what we are, no matter what their.
is, right, bread.
I'll turn those spuds off while I'll go out look, anything else then?
Oh I would n't, I would n't.
No.
Yeah, well I knew that.
Can you?
Yeah.
Really oh blimey, well I did n't know.
What a blasted programme eh?
Was he?
I did n't see.
Oh that would of done it well I dunno I, I.
Oh you ca n't be.
You what?
Well.
Yeah.
Mm.
Really?
What the erm I mean see it.
the other one got asthma, oh damn.
erm, but this one has n't has he?
Eczema, yeah oh, now what about you getting something for tomorrow then, cos you'll have to take something, you ca n't go there without anything even if you bring it back, you must take something, ha no problem in a bag is it?
is a buying rolls.
Yeah why not, yeah anything that's relevant, I mean if it goes on till then we can only use it twice ca n't we?
Yeah that cat knocked that plant down, did you know?
You know I said she'd cut down her plant like I had.
The cat knocked it down.
and er broke it all.
Yeah, oh well.
Is it?
What is it?
Mm.
You wait it'll come in a minute can hear the bloody television, it's true though, if we did n't have our television on, all we'd listen to is theirs innit?
Yeah some it, up there or something.
Is it?
I do n't know it's a pain I know that, I mean we do n't want to hear anything do we?
Who?
Your old lorry driver?
From where?
oh I do n't know his name, oh dear who's winning here?
Colander.
Yeah.
yeah, well we're safe at the moment erm take it back and see what comes out.
I wondered why she ai n't gone out today, she hardly ever stays in does she?
Dunno yeah but it do n't mean to say that there's a lot come out, it could only be that lot, could n't it?
I mean you ca n't if you overload the kids.
you ca n't have four dogs in there thereof, well you would n't thought of that would you?
Really yeah I can hear her.
June well it wo n't be will it?
Ah, noisy little bastard ai n't he?
Eh?
No, ca n't do can he?
Yeah, but then the times when she could be with him she's buzzing around in the car so what.
T A T E R N.
Yeah, cater, mater, that sounds A R T, no there's only one R, count well I just hope he brings one thing home.
be interesting this bit on a bigger one wo n't it?
Ha well if he ca n't do, if he ca n't bring nothing that man, which I'm sure he will I shall go and buy something, I mean that thing of Scott's wo n't be any good without the appropriate thing will it?
It's got ta be portable you see, that microphone of Scott's.
Well it's got ta be portable.
Well cos it ca n't only be in here or in there, it's got ta be everywhere innit?
Got ta be, much simpler anyway.
Yeah, but erm, carry around, I mean you might want it at a minute's notice.
Withdraws, you reckon.
Dish water?
Mm, oh.
Oh I must remember to take that film out Is that the finish of it total?
That jumper?
Oh is it?
Of course you've done the neck I suppose.
Oh oh do n't want that then do we?
Oh no look at her.
Well it's a good cause innit?
Oh, what's happened now then?
You put the light on do n't you?
I should think they would, so would I missus.
Why?
Oh I see, aha, yeah, probably right.
Heard about this have you?
Oh I have n't.
Oh I have n't heard anything about it at all.
Oh yeah, oh I do n't know that's very loud next door is n't it?
what are they deaf in there?
Be interesting cos you can hear exactly what they're saying, mm I say people like Simon and Doreen who do n't erm televise much and you've got the telephone you told me do n't you?
The other day have that other one there.
Mm.
They might not go all night, but er.
Yeah over that I mean sometimes you want to sit quiet and you can not can you?
Yeah, well I dunno, do it all properly I must do all my bits and pieces tonight, I have n't done them this week, oh let's have a look at the poll tax, because I thought there was one more, I'm sure there is.
Sandra was n't sure, I do n't know, I'm sure there is.
turn on that and I've done mine.
The kids are what did you say?
Well I do n't.
not right is it?
yeah, what you talking about him next door?
Or thingy.
Both, but this one next door Bev is pushed from pillar to post.
I mean.
he's a very kid where the mother's got to go to work.
and I mean let's face it if he is still with the old grandmother, it's, that's a different world as well innit?
But this kid goes haywire and a lot of them do I mean he's all crash bang wallop is n't he?
There's no.
Wayne yeah but she, she was his neighbours and that do n't she?
That one down the road are n't they?
And all that, or at Betty's or, what have you, I do n't think she'd leave them with the mother-in-law.
but she leaves them with the neighbours or a neighbour, but I mean it's all different to bringing them up yourself, innit?
Got ta be, there a, it's a complex really because nobody will agree, erm, give, bringing up a kid will they?
Nobody and I do n't ever think people will bring up somebody else's the same as they would their selves, I, I do n't think it's possible for anybody to do it, I mean look at Julia when she was a, that childminder with that Kerry.
Julia did n't care a sod about that kid, she'd let her to scream on, stand in the middle of the garden screaming, indoors screaming and she said to me I have no feelings for her whatsoever but she took the bloody money every week and this is what's so wrong, nobody knows how she er was as that child, only people like us who would hear.
and all Julia wanted was more and more and more money, there was a conflict on how many gran children she could have and sometimes she had five in there, one of them which was then very small which she had to spend time feeding and that and that was Kerry.
well those others, three of those, somebody else's children plus her own ran total riot out in the garden, but I mean there's not enough people to come round and do spot checks even if they're allowed, I do n't know whether they're allowed to, but they've.
No I do n't, but nevertheless nobody knew only people like us and the neighbours, how that kid was every day when her mother to the T S B and her mother according to Julia had her because it was the done thing her mother, her own mother would n't have her, Kerry to look after her and I know that for a fact because one time when Ross was ill, Julia said I ca n't have her and she said oh god I suppose I've got to go and beg my mother to have her now she did, but the woman said to Julia, I mean she would n't give up her job, they had a four bedroomed house, two bloody great cars, eleven cats.
and er, I mean what she saw of Kerry was, she dropped her here at quarter to nine, she picked her up between five and half past and the rest of her she saw around kid, the rest of the time she saw her own kid and er Julia was to have her until she went to school, so I mean how can there be any bond there, which there ca n't, but the mother said herself I had her because it was the done thing so I mean it's, it's today innit do n't you think?
I mean all that kid do was scream, scream, scream, scream, I mean Ross was n't the best one to be with, cos he was selfish and of course in Julia's eyes he never did any wrong but Kerry come off worse all the time and I said childminding is fine and it's necessary but the people, you know that, that people ca n't know people and Julia was a spoilt brat so.
I mean you must, if you're looking after a little girl, you must in the end, unless you've low and detest children, or unless you're out purely and simply for the money, I mean how can you.
well how can you not get somewhat attached to a child, I mean of course there's children you do n't like, like adults you do n't like.
That's what I mean.
Julia felt nothing for that child, she did n't like her, she did n't hate her, I mean she, she did n't she just felt nothing cos that's precisely what she told me, that's her words, not mine, you know and I find then, that, she should n't be a childminder.
that's my instant reaction, instant.
that Julia wanted money more, more money, I mean he worked every hour that god gave at, so his money must of been decent, had to be.
oh I do n't know cos Julia was living with a bloke before that, I do n't think they'll of had any say in it.
and from what I understood he was already married anyway, never, never was mentioned here, but I did hear it, whether it was true or not I'm not say it, but I was told that he was already married and divorced to marry her, that was what I was told, no I mean I do n't know, but but I'm damn sure that I know.
That's alright, play with it, there's no point in saying anything to them Bev it's now got to be proven and I say, if I can get it done and I can get it sent off, then they will point me in the right direction wo n't they?
That's the, that's the whole point, you, you have to start somewhere, yes I can give her a bit of paper, yes she can throw it in the bin, it's made no difference, in fact I think it's getting worse since I spoke to her, is n't it?
She's had more people in there, the dogs have been left more hours that.
Fair comment, but this week she was on holiday, did n't stop her and going and leaving them poor dogs in there barking their heads off and crying, for seven and a half hours did it?
I mean poor dogs and this, I mean we've said it all before it's not viable, four dogs and a semi that you do n't exercise, four dogs that er appear particularly one of them to be housed in the same little area, day in day out with a curtain on the door, so that there's not even light going in there.
That's what?
So that he ca n't see what's going on, cos she thinks if he do n't see what's going on he wo n't bark, but he cries but I mean she should n't have them there, she's never here so she should n't have them, I mean look at the trouble Alan had to get Jessie, because they worked, but Emma goes home every lunch time to see to Jessie from the bank, but I mean the woman one of them would n't let her have a dog, one kennels, which is how it should be, but I mean this one breed those three herself so, yeah I mean if you breed dogs yourself and you have three in the house of the same breed, what the hell do you want an alsatian for, as well but the whole point is she do n't have them as enjoyment, she do n't have them as company.
They're their, their animals that's all like that chicken up the garden I mean I do n't know what it's in, might be in a run, but being the place that is in behind that shed, there ai n't that much space with a rabbit as well is there, you know, I mean, there might be a run on the floor, it'll be crazy to have a run on the floor because she's had rats.
ai n't she?
And she's had rats under that shed it ai n't that long ago she said, she said she had them so I mean I ca n't see anybody with an ounce of common sense letting a chicken being on the ground, ground.
who knows I do n't know, I would n't, but who knows?
You're back to that situation of commonsense again ai n't you?
Wo n't she?
Safe from cuts, good heavens.
probably the er, poll tax are.
Right, that was worth it, were n't it?
I think oh he's left out there his.
Oh it's bubbling away nice.
What again?
Oh watch that dish, it's a bit hot that dish right.
no, just towels, good one, right whip it out for me then please, I'll have to leave it there because some of this is, still out there, ta well that's not bad, time wise.
Oh I bet these kids find this thrilling you know, do n't you?
Barking dogs next door barking dogs next door again, so I shall, plenty of material should n't we?
Subject to material.
Yeah.
That's what she's supposed to do according to the Citizens Advice Bureau, is to control them so that she do n't annoy the neighbours.
Now Sunday when I had her about that terrific barking, your father was the first to say, look she stopped it.
but she lets them bark on like she lets the kids scream on, and that is today innit?
I think basically what it comes down to, it does n't bother her.
so she does n't care about anybody else.
It ca n't bother her Bev because the amount of noise that we get through the walls is so bad and she's in it, she's actually there with the animals barking, so she takes no notice whatsoever of them.
she's probably bloody used to it after all the years she must of had them, she tells.
she tells me they're all old dogs.
Well.
the way she said it that day was, they're old dogs, they do n't need the exercise and they do n't bark, that is the impression, impression I got.
Now what's that point to spend an afternoon here no point at all is there?
Well there is n't any more is there?
Sorry?
what out in the garage?
I dunno, right let me do this and then I'll have a look I mean I've got to do this because I'm not sure of it,.
done now innit?
I would n't wan na do it tomorrow, well only later afternoon but I mean if I have to put ear plugs in at night to get some sleep because of them, surely the authorities have got ta say something about that.
well for god's sake, I mean I often wonder about people who make noise like this how they would feel if we did do the same, but I still say because we've done our polystyrene insulation she ca n't hear us, it's worked in the reverse ai n't it?
Instead of us, you know, instead of it blocking out for our benefit, I reckon it blocked out for their benefit somehow a hell of a lot of insulation, in here.
a hell of a lot really, normally you would n't have the vinyl and normally I would think you would only put the tongue and groove not out of the polystyrene behind it and the vinyl, I ca n't see why people want tongue and groove that they go to all those lengths would you?
Well I do n't think so tongue and groove is, is wood innit?
I do n't know I mean I do n't know nothing about these things, what, really have to feel that we are the lot.
Oh, and Us Girls, do we want that?
That's.
wro, right then, eight o'clock, eight thirty, that's half an hour innit, er we'll have to turn it off then, er leave out the news and then put Casualty that's half an hour, that's an hour yeah, we'll have to knock out, just knock out the news because otherwise you've got to.
back and that ai n't you?
Seven thirty right, let's see what's on at six, the Crystal Maze or, eh?
oh.
on, the next generation, John Ireland, Robert Fuller, Ben Cartright is dead.
his brother arrives in Boston before he, miners who want the miners families ' ranch that goes on till seven thirty.
well other than that we've got.
There's a fair bit on tonight mind, is n't there?
Alright.
What have I got to do here?
Right!
Now.
Yeah.
Rib two.
Do you want me to read it to you?
Alright.
Will it change then?
Rib.
two make one.
Rib four one make one.
Where have you got to?
Rib four.
Make one.
Rib five.
Make one.
Rib four.
Make one.
Rib four.
Make one.
Rib five.
Make one.
Rib four.
Make one, rib five.
Make one, rib four.
Yeah.
Make one.
Is that a four or a five?
Five then.
Make one.
Rib four.
Make one, rib four.
Make one, rib five.
How many you got left?
You gone wrong!
How many you got there?
Eighty six.
But I would of worked out to I had four left, I had to increase in one which would have left.
Wait a minute.
Er right, so what's going up here?
One, two, three, four so that's makes eighty five.
Oh well!
Ooh!
I got eighty six but do n't ask me how because I just do n't know!
But I know that I'm clever and I know that have it!
But I how I got there is a mystery!
Mm.
Are they really?
Honestly and truly?
Well truly that's.
What a!
Alright, cup of tea?
Oh bloody hell!
That's all that bloody walking!
What did Anne say about you?
Look at her!
Look at.
her!
She meant how slim you were.
Not in relation to her she's.
She was just saying look at her!
Look at her!
Alright, what clothes you got?
She's only a little woman!
It's all relative.
Tall woman.
Tall woman though is n't she?
Lesley ai n't tall is she?
No!
You have you?
That's alright.
Pardon?
Yeah!
Eh?
Erm no.
What's this a recall of last week?
Mm!
Yeah, there was really.
Could I?
I it needs a blimey!
And there's two up is n't there?
Well, I reckon your black skirt that's nice.
and er some sort of top.
Yeah.
I like the hem on that black skirt it's look today.
No!
The long one.
I like that very much!
It'll look good with that coat.
The black one!
Oh!
Sorry!
Yeah!
Looks lovely!
Well it's today's sort of thing innit?
You ca n't!
Be comfortable.
I would n't!
That other one looks so modern.
The long, looks so nice on you!
well I mean you do n't wan na go dressed, too dressed.
Well I do n't think so, do you?
I mean, this is the temp job innit?
It's up you!
You wear what you like!
But I think you wan na be comfy do n't you?
You know, really comfy Up to you, entirely!!
See in the morning when you get dressed what you think.
Do you want alarm put on?
You sure?
Ay?
Well, you know quite seriously.
It's probably the night you bloody wo, the day you over sleep innit!
I mean, I know it's late, it's twenty past eleven but.
No, course you do n't!
Well I'll erm.
what time shall I er get him to do it for?
What would you prefer?
Ay?
Nine-ish would.
do.
Nine would do, would n't it, nicely?
I would think so.
I mean you do n't wan na be push, push I mean but at the same time you do n't wan na be you do n't definitely wan na be running around like a cuckoo head do you?
There's nothing worse!
You want a cup and tea and you name it.
No, nine o'clock should be perfect I would think.
Bloody dogs barking!
Howling!
No it ai n't it's a kid!
It's both!
He's shouting mummy Oh that's brilliant is n't it?
No bloody sleep again!
He's not happy kid is he?
Not at all!
Crying like hell there!
Oh God!
Probably leaving him to cry again.
She's probably leaving him to cry again.
Easy innit?
What fo.
Yeah, but you know what?
If they had some sort of party in there he's gon na go over the top you know.
And then she wants him to go to bed after he gets hyper innit?
Well it could be her, she ca n't be bothered!
Just when I never had my thing.
Innit terrific ay?
Had to get a blinking day off did n't he, that bloke?
Yeah, not today though.
So as we said, it'll probably happen again!
It happens, and happens, and happens!
Dogs, kids and bloody shouting!
Terrific!
Love it!
Really make you worthwhile coming home do n't it?
Ay?
Do I?
Well, who knows I do, ay?
Surprised at that actually!
What?
You what?
Well, make your mind up in the morning.
Got plenty of nice stuff.
What?
Yeah, well that's what I'm saying!
Try and few things on and go from there innit?
You'll come up with something.
Right, nine o'clock alarm then.
You what?
Big one?
What's he doing in there?
Oh bloody hell kid, go to bed!
He's not!
He's shut in his bedroom by the sound of it.
No!
I think I'm tired enough.
Where's.
this spider then?
What?
God!
Put him, put him on the whole of when you see him.
He's alright, he'll be asleep now.
Yeah.
Well, I mean let's lets face it you'll be sat in the car you're gon na get crumpled are n't you?
But, yeah, what were you saying then?
Yeah.
Vest, vest?
Oh yeah.
bolly.
with the black skirt.
Be lovely!
Yeah, no, that'd be fine Bev.
Really!
Right, I'll have a little rest before I turn the T V off.
I think.
You've got a what?
Ni night love.
Oh!
Ho ho!
Not that cold though is it?
Go to bloody sleep kid!
Ooh!
If only I had my thing!
He's just like Ross is n't he?
Can you hear him?
Yeah.
Thing is, you know he's not next door to here, he's out on the in in the lawn area is n't he?
Our lawn area.
That's where the bedroom is innit?
Erm.
Yeah, I'll ask her.
I will.
Yeah.
No, I do n't know.
I ca n't really remem Ay?
I ca n't remember.
Yeah.
Maybe.
See, he never used to be in this bloody room!
He was on the other room when she came here.
In the other room, at the other end.
That's why I never heard were n't it?
But then she changed bedrooms lo, when that bloody other bloke came here.
But he's not happy kid!
Oh!
I dunno whether those people went you know.
Must of done tonight.
Cos, I say the car was down the road.
I've never known that!
Never!
Mm?
Mm?
Mm?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well tha, that's right!
I mean erm I.
Yeah.
That's right!
Yeah.
Well Alan did it here one, one time.
And it was n't us.
Yes I do know what you mean.
Well.
Yeah.
But it might do something.
I know what you're meaning.
Ay?
Well.
Yeah.
It, I think he got out and I I do he, I said to you and your father how he got out I just dunno!
Cos it's a very difficult road this.
But I think he did probably just, because when I got up er when I co, you see when I come down the stairs I can see through that window look.
and Alan's light was on in the hall, call it the hall and the car was there well a little while later he went.
I think he got out but I do n't think it would have been easy, there's that time this morning.
And, I've never known these people put the car down by George's!
So, knowing Alan, do you remember somebody used to park their car in front of Alan's gate when they went to London?
And he left a note on the windscreen.
But I mean Alan has to go up to London!
It's not long after six o'clock in the morning that he leaves.
But er, I fully understand what you're saying.
Really!
Yeah.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah.
But another thing is you see where Sandra lives, you saying that where she lives is apparently erm P C, now I do n't know him, but she does he lives up the same road and when people park did n't she tell you this when we were coming down?
Oh Sandra over here?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, that'd do it!
But, what I was gon na say was concerning them blocking these pavements if the.
You were there when she said about P C.
Well if we had some I know there's two policemen up round the corner here.
Cos they walk down here, here.
Well P C I think is an older policeman.
Mm.
These are two young-uns I reckon they lodge up here somewhere.
Not this road but round where Colin and.
Ay?
You what?
Who did?
Yeah, she did did n't she?
I forgot that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But you see somebody like P C, being an older person he does it properly I suppose, is what.
the answer is.
He goes and knocks people's door and says you're blocking the pavement!
Well if he'd have come down here that night, or that day when there was three cars in in the drive and one right across the pavement, and then that that big lorry on the pavement he'd have had them would n't he?
Went to bed and er of course the kid went berserk did n't he?
And er god you should of heard him, god if it ai n't Ross all over again, mummy, mummy and she left him there, as I said when they first came he was in the far bedroom, well now I suppose with all these people she's rearranged it indoors and he's in the one next to our house, and she's shouting at him and er it went on how, I ca n't tell you how long, I mean, Bev and I was talking through bedrooms you know.
and er, it was gone eleven I would of thought, anyway he stopped and I slept like a log, got up at twenty past six, but erm, it's a strange thing because one of those came last evening and it parked outside George's, now I said yesterday, when Alan goes to work, it's not long after six normally to go up to London and that.
and I said to both of them, I just do n't know how he got past that second car in the road right, come out of his drive, I could n't believe that he could of done it, but he did, because he went you know.
anyway last night, they parked outside George's so I reckon, I mean it's only us thinking he's put a note in the door because he will do this, because when a bloke used to leave his car outside Alan's gate, others, instead of the station.
Alan left a note on his windscreen.
but er, I do n't know how he got out yesterday and I've never, never know him parked down the road, not at all, anyway we got, I got home and erm, I said to Bev you know, right go and phone Lesley see if she's in and then I did a bit of housework and then the phone rang, ooh, we was aiming to go out at one and that must of been ten to one, and it was Liz.
and er I said to Bev well you do what you like, you know, she went out, the first time she's answered the phone, since.
Anyway er Liz said can you come over like today so Bev said yes what does it entail?
Liz got quite cross you know she's quite oh bugger it, you know, and er she said to Liz what's the hours?
Oh I dunno you'll have to talk to Ian, she said I've been working Les done, er Les, Les told me eleven till three, it was half past eleven till three and er, so Bev was alright.
Yes, well Bev was asking, I mean I was doing housework, oh, I was doing bits and pieces you know, and er getting me coat and all that and er she was asking questions and all that and Liz said I'll pick you up at twenty past eleven, so Bev said alright then, so she come off the phone said she'd go and have a look and apparently erm, it must of been yesterday if, if Liz is telling the truth she said to whoever are you going to do anything about this?
And he said oh yeah, so, I said to Bev well, they had the feeling it was haphazard or whatever the word be, anyway.
she's going over at half past eleven and she said to me if it's not worth the money I'm not changing and er, I shall tell him that I've certainly got to go on the books you know.
ca n't do it any other way, so I said oh I'll go and have a look, I've got to go down town and.
that's right.
that's right, I mean she's, she's took some money, or taken some money if, I mean she'll be home twelve o'clock if it do n't suit her like.
she'll only get a taxi, if er, she thinks it not viable, but er, it, it to me, it just seems not buggering about, but.
There are.
Mm.
Mm.
Yeah, well I mean I do n't know what she's been earning this Liz, but.
oh where we going today then?
yeah.
God knows, I do n't, well so we'll see.
we was late were n't we?
Or later.
Did er.
did erm, did he ask you if you had a roof rack?
No.
A roof rack, he wants to borrow one for Sunday, cos Susan's coming back look, anyway she asked me and I said no we've never had one, I do n't think we ever had, I said I'll ask Doreen, so I asked Doreen and she said yes we have, but I'd have to ask Leslie first, so when Dee come back I said yes she has, but do n't say anything to her cos you might not get it, but she's not getting that.
Morning Doreen.
Mm.
Oh I know what I was gon na say.
Norman Gates, they're trying to clo close Norman Gates.
Oh dear me.
there's a person down the bottom, you know in Paul's old house, their little kid goes there, I did n't know nothing about it.
I think they are actually yeah yeah I do n't know.
What Walberdeen?
Yeah, yeah, is that a special school?
Oh.
No.
no, I mean years ago that's where we all went that.
area you see.
normal school yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, but er, it says two hundred and something for the.
two, seventeen was it?
Yeah.
yeah.
yeah but actually the paper boy was late this morning and we did n't get erm mid week.
No.
if there's one here I'll take it, I've done up Howard's.
No we did n't get one, I, I've got ta go to the post office today so any post that's got ta go there I said I'll take the lot and save tomorrow lot.
and er got, no we never had one cos Les said no I remember we did n't get one this week, cos she would of had a look through you know.
so if there's one here I'll have it.
That's that woman who looks after Dee Dee's sister.
does that and all, and er she had a da, she went to the authorities about that woman.
Well I do n't know, but she, I said, cos she's telling me about her coming, only three days up the hospital then she's got ta go back to her own place because Ian said she'd never managed, she keeps falling and she said this woman never went to see her once when she was in hospital, yet she's getting paid it look all the time, and she ought to go to see if there's anything she wants you see.
and er, I said, morning, I said er.
has she been any better this woman cos she was always on about her, and she said no, she said I went to higher authorities about it, is that it?
is letting another, so many off, do n't know what it said.
I would think so, I do n't know how many it was.
are laying some more off.
no I, it would.
it was double figures but I ca n't erm, I ca n't remember.
eh?
but er, as I say I ca n't remember precisely, I just scanned it and give it to Mick who was out the door like, Lesley put her house up for a hundred and twenty six erm, one how much is it?
a hundred thousand, a hundred and twenty six thousand, hundred and twenty six thousand.
Yeah, yeah en suite.
Eh?
well it's er, it's a funny thing that is because they all gone, now they were supposedly around a hundred thousand look, when they took it on and they've all gone, there ai n't any there new ones.
No but it is a strange thing because sometimes you get my end of the market and you get somebody wants her end of the market, but erm.
Yeah.
Oh they're gon na go for.
Yeah, yeah.
that's right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Mm, yeah, but erm.
it's not even.
cos their er home yesterday look Jody went back to work and there was Bill and Scott.
Yeah.
and er, she's got two more raises at school, they'll give him a credit and then wrote him a letter saying that he'll probably be expelled again, of course she went busting up there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
yeah, well the thing was he Peter gave him a key.
Peter gave him a key to come in the flat any time, you know, of course he did did n't he, he was.
well you know what he had in there, he's now got one girlfriend, he ditched Paula.
This one comes from Southampton, but he worked on it did n't he?
Out of work again is n't he?
Well I said to her my god you've got a load of.
you've got a load of problems.
She has, she really has.
what?
Yeah, well it, well, I.
got up late, twenty past six, the kid was going berserk when we went to bed.
The kid was.
my erm, screaming, shouting.
Yeah.
Yeah, but erm.
as I say we went to bed her and I.
and he was well.
she was shouting at him, did n't hear any dogs, and erm, it was gone eleven, must of been.
before it stopped and then of course I slept like a bloody log until about twenty past seven.
Yeah.
yeah.
no.
Well I, I did nothing, I did nothing you see because erm, by the time I'd been in the bathroom done the sandwiches.
blah, blah, got myself a cup of tea, blah, blah, blah, got on me coat.
out the door and that really is, I mean half past eight the other day it was awful.
awful, but by god did he go, I said to Sandra it's Ross all over again, funny innit but she's got no.
time for him Doreen.
he's pushed from pillar to post this kid.
erm and when she has all these people in, he's up, he's not in bed.
he, er, he, when he went, when he first come there, he used to go to bed seven o'clock.
but she said, well the last lot that I've got.
but one of the times when we were not chatty, but talked, she said how naughty he'd got, but I mean she's never with him.
Well I, I.
he's, he's.
Well what do you mean?
But he were n't like that when they came he were n't like erm Wayne, Celia's Wayne, I mean he's been like it forever.
and Ross was rotten spoilt, you know, there's.
but this one seems to of gone haywire, oh does he go, but as I say she's changed the bedrooms you see, he used to be on the far end.
erm with an outside wall but he's not.
No, well that boy had to.
a day off did n't he?
Anyway I'm hopeful that he'll be in today, because I mean the noise wo n't stop, so I mean when I report it, it just goes on.
it just goes on, but I said to Sandra where they've been parking all these cars, Alan over the road he comes out just after six o'clock and goes to London every day and I do n't know how he got his car out with the.
but he did, anyway last night when these, this car arrived, they parked it down the road outside George's, well I've never known that and I reckon Alan's put a note through the door.
but I, I mean Bev said you ought to go over at six o'clock in the morning, bang the bloody door.
Yeah, yeah.
I do n't know how he got out, I mean our road is so difficult anyway, of course there wa, that night there were two, yeah two when them, he had to get out in the morning, but er, I mean he did it, but I expect it was a struggle.
you know you have to go backwards and forwards.
shake yourself round, but I've never know that last night.
Oh yeah.
That's it.
That's what you have to do.
I mean this is virtually every day.
every day now, now I mean I do n't know how many she's got living in there or what they've got living in there, they stay.
overnight and if they generally do that it's two more car loads.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh my god.
Oh no.
Someone bashed you.
Oh yeah.
Well I, I, I have got.
Well I have to say Sandra that I would, alright you've got a lot of mess, but I have to say I'd sooner have one like that than.
well we've tongued and grooved.
right.
tongued and grooved or, or something pine for the kitchen wall, do it, pay it, forget it right, so, I mean I do n't know what wood I mean we'd have, we'd have to see it, but I said to him look I said something's got ta be done, so I said to him shall we get Gary or somebody similar to do some Artexing in here and he said well with the coal fire and all that he said it'll, it'll get dirty.
which it will wo n't it?
And erm, so I said alright then give me some suggestions, because when we moved out of erm Milton Avenue, Diane and Harry immediately did the walls wood in the kitchen, about the same size as mine.
and it looked like.
Yeah.
does, does it?
And that would be alright in a, in a bathroom you know.
Has he?
well I said to him.
look I said I do n't mind vinyl, I do n't mind good vinyl the only good, the only one that, it was good for the toilet, but I got it in a pack cos we've got such a small single toilet.
I got it in a pack outside Fads.
but if you believe the proper price.
I mean it was just three rolls.
Yeah.
Well I said to him look, I said I know I'm fed up with this thing next door, and I do n't want to stay there, but Alan said that I've got to stay there, right, so I said to him, you know, we have to start doing something and I said to him something permanent because he ai n't a handy man, I mean he'll do it, because I mean it's something like measuring steel innit?
Let's be honest.
but I said to him, I'll go and buy vinyl and we can come back into the same position, and he ai n't no good at sticking vinyl up, I always go round with a bloody.
then I have to do something I suppose before we look round it'll be August we'll be off to Malta.
and then he'll look round and.
So quick and he said alright then I erm, I said well where shall we go and he said there's plenty of places.
to buy wood.
As I say next we're getting this Phillip's.
We've got one there.
Yeah, where is that builders that.
Thatcham?
Is there?
But if not, otherwise I'm gon na go up the.
I mean I shout up to the bathroom, I mean.
Tim's coming up to move the bath back and all that you see, this old bath and erm, do some pipe work, but until that's all done, erm, er, until this woman is sorted out, because if I find in the end we've got to insulate again, then I know how I feel, I mean that tongue and groove going up polystyrene in the lounge and yesterday I think he's got a new organ.
yeah, I think it's an organ, and that, that is all in those two recesses, now, you know if I find you know that I do n't get anywhere and I ca n't see that I wo n't, but if, because the bathroom is where the dog is there, of course consequently that comes through the corner of the lounge.
erm, well before wherever you put anything, you know, finished article on the bathroom wall, that one wall we might have to do whatever they allow.
because this is, I mean I did n't hear the dogs last night, only the kid, but I mean nevertheless the day before if you'd of been in there, so but, but the kitchen can be done, toilet can be done.
We do n't want tiles now look.
I know, and this is what I said, he said I know I do n't really want the old vinyl, do it anyway.
Yeah I remember you have to.
Yeah they're not.
I mean I remember Mike I mean that house had.
Well when you walked in my porch when those blokes were doing it, you walked in there, I mean it's nice, it's a wrong suite for the for the room, too narrow the room for one of those.
I think.
but the minute you walk in a shop, pretty curtains, Austrian blinds, a new shower.
the minute you walk in there you look at this lump.
because the wall.
round it.
Yeah.
your eyes go on it.
Oh yes.
Well you do.
Mick was drilling, he put the framework round to drill up against.
hammer drill, he says to me do us a favour so I said what?
He said stand there.
with the hose of the vacuum cleaner with the nozzle on.
so while he's drilling.
Of course he's tried to get under a polythene sheet to contain it.
it was hot, it was dust in that hammer drill, god it makes a noise, it did, it certainly saved a lot though.
it filled the hoover bag twice, the old vacuum cleaner.
But if, if he had n't been doing that.
Well if we want this kitchen, well a lot of it is tiled anyway you know part ways up, erm I said to him whatever it costs, it'll be done.
Yeah.
Bye.
I do I.
I never heard a word.
Well erm, she never said nothing, ta ta, and er Doreen never said nothing and Dee Dee never said nothing, I mean all I said to Dee was you might get it tomorrow if Lesley lets her, well Lesley would n't unless she forgot it of course, there's always that is n't there?
Ai n't it gone dull?
Yeah.
well I've got to go to town only I dunno whether she's gone, ca n't be gone yet, twenty past.
Yeah I know what it is, erm Susan's given all the info except the er.
No, oh I did n't know that.
Yeah.
terminal were n't it?
Is it?
Oh yeah, no.
Oh.
Mm, yeah.
I have n't been to Heathrow as much as I'd been to Gatwick.
No I have n't.
no Bev's flown but when I've gone up with her.
I do n't think I ever have done Heathrow, oh wait a minute, did I the first year?
No I do n't know.
Yeah, yeah.
No I have flown from there it was.
But I've been up there cos Bev's done a couple from.
Heathrow oh yeah.
erm.
Sue was on about her daughter living with that bloke like, I do n't know if it was the same bloke, I just dunno, yes it is, yes it is, it's got ta be the one, when she broke her shoulder, it's got ta be, anyway he got no job and Sarah got this good job apparently wherever it is, I ca n't remember where it was.
well she got what she wanted then, whatever it is anyway, she's keeping him virtually and they got this flat, whatever they've got, and erm.
yeah, they'll be, and she's always moaning driving Sue up the wall, why should I keep him blah, blah, blah, blah, doing nothing, we sit and look at each other and Sue said for Christ sake she said you're twenty years old, not forty, she'd been bad on and off again, throat, well she had the shoulder, throat er she thought she had, oh the diabetes was one were n't it, diabetes one, they thought she had, thought that she had glandular fever but she has n't and er, so Sue said to her well are you looking after yourself and she said yes I am, Sue said well I dunno she never seems to be, cos she's never been well has she really?
I mean you have to wonder.
mm, anyway not only that one Emma erm been.
she do n't want to go to college or something new and erm she's doing something, must be finals I would think, think it must be finals and er Sue said to her well should she pack up.
Mm.
erm should she pack up her Saturday job, it pays around twenty pound and it will go up to about twenty five, and Sue and Will sat and talked about it and she got, she's surprising been interviewed for the W R A F but I mean that's not gon na be so easy these days, I mean they're gon na take the exceptionals that they need are n't they?
And Sue said she's got nothing in view apart from that and she said to her you must have alternatives, she's not applied to anybody or enquired about anything.
Are they?
Well erm, gor.
well Hampshire was supposed to have some more were n't they?
Well.
well, erm tis n't, she's not, she wants the W R A F and nothing else and Sue said you ca n't be like that, you know, and er, so they've decided that she's got ta carry on with this Saturday job because she wo n't be able to go on the dole look, straight away will she?
And Income Support I think is, what did she say for her age twenty I think.
twenty pound or something.
Mm.
Mm that's something innit?
That's right.
something, something like, like that, anyway so she said er.
she said it's hard enough for people with jobs to exist today without all this and she's gone back to college on the flexi idea, erm, brush up her typing because she said, now whether she's thinking of future years, she said when she left here that time, although she got that job she said it was n't easy, she said because I had no bits of paper as such, although when I did the test I passed it, she said it was n't simple, so she's doing.
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and not sure about Friday evening and er she said then she'll have trouble getting the money over that's out of them, why the redundancy because been there over two year, so I presume redundancy or holidays or both so Sue said to her well if they were so good to you in the past, but that ai n't the point is it?
They did all, they did.
on their own back, she did n't ask for it and June ai n't worked since Christmas, so er, I says I know what it's like with my sister and I mean she's been right in it ai n't she?
Both of them are.
Yeah.
Aha.
Yeah.
something will come.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Aha.
waiting to hear no, oh well hopeful then.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He goes er.
yeah somewhere.
No of course you do n't.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Of course.
it.
Who?
What this one?
Oh, see you.
