
Got you a glass of wine darling?
Sweetheart.
Keith.
Keith, darling wake up.
Wake up.
I got you a glass of wine.
The sun's well over the yard arm.
How are you feeling?
Is n't it time you stretched your back?
You what darling?
Oh ah.
strong.
Oh pleasure.
That'll help as well.
It is nice is n't it?
.You alright?
Do you want your water bottle filled?
Do you want your water bottle filled?
Alright.
Rocket!
Come on.
Come on.
Hello darling.
How are you?
What's the matter?
So you've locked it all in there have you?
Is she coming?
Go and get her.
Go and get her.
Go and get her.
Oh there's a lot of shopping.
Did you go to.
Well what happened?
And she threw a chair at someone?
What she threw, why would?
I suspect she's for the chop.
Yes.
Yeah.
Temps are used to it.
Believe me temps get used to it.
No.
Christmas shopping.
Vertebrae is bone and disc is the cartilage between.
vertebrae then?
I do n't know disc I would think.
that's your vertebrae.
You're?
Yes.
Cos we're both trained in self defence then.
Between the two of us we could.
Should do more exercises.
Well they should have a notice up should n't they?
So do you want another glass of wine?
with mushrooms and.
Not very ill.
Pain made him hungry.
And what about tonight?
Cutlets.
Cutlets.
Well not really.
You all eat them and say that's lovely.
We had salad last night.
I offered you salad er lunchtime and you said no did n't want it.
No you have n't.
Do you want me to make you some salad?
No.
No way.
You're not gon na start slicing and chopping.
Come on.
Tomato?
And you've got fresh fruit for afters anyway.
Erm Paul wanted ring spanners?
Cheap.
Toolbox.
Cheap.
Er.
A four diary.
I'll get her an A four diary and.
And.
Oh I'll get him a bottle.
A bottle of wine?
Not Jameson's or something?
Oh.
No he does n't does he?
So if it was wine it would have to be something special.
Not just plonk.
Must straighten all the books up.
Beg your pardon?
They do do n't they?
Do n't fancy a to M and S do you?
The food department is very expensive.
Do you want something to eat now?
Mm.
Have you finished now?
Well if all the lists say.
Only one thing on the list.
It is n't difficult because no cos they're two small families.
And they're one small family.
I've a feeling that.
Hope I'm wrong.
I have n't heard anything from Jenny.
I wrote to her.
And enclosed some interesting bits for her magazine.
She did n't mention anything to you when she phoned you last week that she got a letter from me?
I forgot that I discovered that all our letters now are apt to be a day late.
I did n't know until the other day.
Because they come through Aldershot and they all have to go through the scanner.
They all have to go through a special scanner.

You know those white flowers have died.
The other chrysanths are fine but those white daisy things.
have given up the ghost.
Well I do n't put the white flowers in with them.
Spoils my arrangement.
conversation.
Well I thought you were going to talk to me about Christmas presents.
Oh darling.
Tut.
Nothing I particularly want for Christmas.
Well you bought me the new vacuum cleaner.
That kind of thing which I do n't think is any damn good at all.
I'm going to.
Barclaycard.
Oh Tilly was thrilled to bits with that little plastic that little plastic thing with.
Yeah.
Arrived yesterday.
No.
I just picked it up and got rid of it.
It would have been would n't it?
I can always get good strong boxes from.
They're quite clean.
They've only.
Or wrapped apples or something.
Did you want some sugar?
You sure?
I like Anne Robinson on this programme.
I think she's better than Jimmy Young.
Mm.
Ah.
He ai n't a bad fellow.
I do n't know what to do about these then love.
These things.
I'm very sad.
I've decimated the the arrangement.
Absolutely.
Look.
Over half of it.
There's only two in this one.
They had flower keeping stuff, you know the stuff you get in the packet?
And they had half an aspirin, pinch of sugar.
Lost one.
Oh no sugar in these ones.
That's alright.
Yeah you usually put sugar in those.
Oh very sweet.
Poor little Herbie he.
he did look, he did look so sore.
But what Mrs had done, she'd restructured his insides.
She'd had to use, muscle tissue had wasted away where it had been stretched by the double hernia.
and she also had to remove part of his bowel.
Just clip it up wherever she could.
Fantastic surgery she's done.
She said if you're worried about him at all he must n't strain.
He must n't strain himself at all.
She said.
Poor little scrap.
And he was trying to get round to his rear end to lick.
And of course where.
But she's done a fantastic job.
Hello!
But I said to well you know Dave and I will be in the rest of today if you do get worried.
check up is booked Monday at three o'clock.
And I said well if you want to take him earlier.
But I have planned to shopping.
Well we were there for ten you see.
We had to wait and wait and wait.
Hello.
All showered and managed to dry your own feet?
That's something.
Yes.
Poor little Herbie he'd erm, he'd got a double.
Hernia.
Mm.
They've taken away all the gubbins This is Mrs who looked after Debbie's cats.
Do you remember?

not grobbins no.
They've castrated him at the same time.
otherwise they could n't get at things properly.
He's better off without them anyway.
He's not a stud dog is he?
But he looked so little.
Looked so raw round his rear end.
But she, she's restructured his insides.
The muscle had wasted with the pressure of the double hernia.
The muscle had sort of disintegrated almost.
She's had to use what muscle she can to restructure his bowel.
She's a marvellous surgeon.
Well the bill's nearly three hundred pound.
Being what?
Yes.
That's why you should have aspirin to relax it.
Cos it helps it mend.
Yes.
But he did tell you to move?
Oh.
Is n't it lovely?
Ah!
Do you like having your tummy scratched?
Yeah we got there for ten o'clock and we had to wait till they'd finished all the out-patients before they'd let the in-patients.
In Mrs's surgery.
There were two doggies in their pens still sparkers you know where they've had things.
Oh yes.
No, no Herbie's not under sedation.
Just over a night.
operation.
Yeah.
Did the operation.
Well he was he heard Audrey's voice in the waiting room.
and he was whining.
She said it's alright Herbie I'm here and he for a minute.
And I said he's gon na do damage if he's trying to get up at the door.
the way a little Dachsie would you see?
So we talked to him but erm we did n't actually see Mrs until about a quarter to eleven.
And she said you know, on no account must he strain.
Obviously he's got dissolving stitches in.
On his insides.
And she said there was so little muscle left.
It had been so stretched and strained by.
But she had to do the best she could.
Peter will.
And of course Audrey's not too quick on her feet you see since she broke her hip.
So I was trying to help Audrey and that and help Herbie.
So Herbie did n't try and jump in the car before I could lift him and trying to get Audrey in with her stiff leg.
And then get the rug across her.
She did n't turn a hair when she said two hundred and ninety three pounds.
Well it's cheaper than I suppose.
Cheaper than princess princess Margaret or.
No Mrs said she was very lucky.
She'd been to three lectures.
One of the topmost veterinary surgeons in Europe.
And that's why Mrs asked her to do it.
She'd actually seen it done.
Seen slides and been to lectures on it.
I do n't know it must be wonderful to be able to mend.
To rebuild his rear end.
Well as long as nothing breaks, nothing gets.
No, now way must he strain so she's, she's got some liquid paraffin to drop on his dinner.
Quite a major operation.
He's been ever so bright.
Walking about quite well, he did turn to lick his under his tail but his little tail was wagging.
And he was walking fine.
He even stopped and had a tinkle.
No no.
No I think I think animals are fantastic they way they put up with pain.
Because they ca n't tell you.
And after a major operation there he was wagging his tail and.
Well no.
Oh you do.
What's the matter?
What's odd?
Do you want a cup of coffee?
Cup of herbal tea?
An aspirin?
Nothing I can do you for?
Oh you're book's upstairs.
Do you want that?
.Is it actual pain then, or stiffness?
Or just that you're frightened to move?
Ache?
Well you could have just one aspirin.
No that was ages ago dear.
It was half past seven this morning.
No.
I brought you a hot water bottle your aspirin.
When I let the dog out.
You did n't take it then no.
You could have another one love.
It would relax your muscles.?
No it's probably gone.
Nature will usually tell you.
What I always found with with lumbar aches was erm putting the knee up sideways across your erm.
Oh he's pushing hard is n't he?
Now what do you do?
Do you want to be hauled up?
He's fell on.
Are you alright then?
Do n't try and get up straight.
.What are you looking for?
Oh yes he's been.
Been round the woods at have n't you?
Then I went off and left him you see when I.
So does yours.
Would n't you?
A muppet?
Mm it would be.
You've got glasses on.
You'd look even funnier.
pulled it to pieces yet.
Well Dinda got on alright in with her Christmas shopping.
She's got three or four presents I think.
Marks and Sparks is horrendous.
Oh you've got up off of the floor.
How did you do it?
Climbed up the chair?
And you your side?
Rolled over on your side.
Would you like a cushion?
Do you want a hot water bottle?
It's better when you sit up straight is n't it?
No, it takes quite a lot of.
Right sweetheart.
You alright?
Yes.
After what?
No.
No.
Do n't back up will you else you'll slice my head off.
Well what's so funny about mum having her head sliced off?
He did?
Perhaps he used his wing mirror.
Like I do.
That's a quite nice little place there.
And you do n't pay over the odds prices because it's not an expensive place to have your shop.
You go to these big stores and they pay so much in heating and lighting and staff.
Is n't it attractively done?
Done like parquet.
Do n't know who's paying for it all whether council is or what?
So do you want to go over there first?
I do n't mind a bit.
Beautiful cakes.
erm new era.
Mm.
This is all the ice creams.
Oh you have a bag of something in the sweet box in the cupboard in the kitchen which you must take and put on your desk.
And let everyone else eat them up.
They're humbugs or something.
That's what you're supposed to be having as well, is n't it expensive.
Did n't you read it in the magazine?
No I'm not.
Did n't you read it in Best?
Last week?
Mm.
You're supposed to have it.
To make all the other vitamins work or something.
No, you I think.
I think it was for you.
Oh.
Here we are.
It's not that.
T H I I, that's it.
That's it, it really is a help.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Camomile tea okay, I do n't know how many is in your packet?
I gave.
Yeah they're much cheaper than Safeway.
Christmas bananas.
I'm nearly out of feverfew.
Better get some.
Oh I never find it.
It's in a box like that.
Then one of the girls comes over and says here it is, straight away.
Feverfew just ridiculous.
Here it is.
Look.
Hold on.
Erm bananas I need.
You wo n't manage it.
You need another hand.
There's a clever girl.
They do n't want to open, do they?
Oops.
Well I've only got one hand as well.
Should have had a basket.
Eggs, new era, camomile tea.
Christmas cards.
In there you've put bananas in there.
Erm where's your eggs gone?
Mm.
Oh yes of course.
Free range.
Got lots more to put down.
No Christmas cards over the road and.
Casserole dish.

Sorry love.
Great.
Thank you.
It mounts up, does n't it?
Thankyou.
You're very quiet this afternoon.
Very quiet.
For a Friday and coming up to Christmas.
Thank you very much.
Not really.
Yes.
I do n't think anyone ever wants the receipts.
Thank you very much my dear.
Bye bye.
I hope you've got my gloves?
I got Keith some rice mixture yesterday and he did n't eat it.
He wanted come on then.
It's warm enough to have the door open.
Christmas cards.
They're good are n't they?
Oh no that's, that's where I usually get them.
In that bin.
Oh they're nice are n't they?
How many to a pack, six?
Looks quite a lot.
Jesus incredible.
Is n't it?
I suppose they're all alike but they've put different ones on the outside.
Erm casseroles.
They probably wo n't have any cos it's winter now.
They only sell casseroles and things in the summer.
Oh look.
There's one but it's not a, not a three pint.
Mm.
Well it's, it's the French equivalent.
Mm.
Arcal crystau d'arc yes.
Or crystau d'arc whatever you like to call it.
No, she said well she means an oven dish.
Still they're very nice.
I wish they'd got a bigger one.
Two one and a half to two pint I would think.
And that's a water set.
Hello love!
You have n't got any larger casserole dishes have you?
Mm.
about a three pinter.
Oh that's alright.
But you have n't got one?
Yeah.
That's what we want, yes.
Oh you rotten thing.
They're nice, those.
Quarts?
One point five quarts.
Well one quart is two pints.
And a half a quart is one pint.
That'd make it the three pints.
It does n't look big enough.
Are you sure it says one point five quarts?
Well.
Perhaps it's perhaps they hold more than you think they do.
What do you think Dinda?
Should I take this one?
While.
they've still got it.
It's the last one.
No.
Three pint.
See we might not get one more in before Christmas.
Mm.
It's a, it's a, it's a Christmas present.
Three to four pints she said.
It's quite capacious, actually.
It's a nice dish.
Have n't got any what?
Well a quart is two pints.
And point five of a quart is one pint.
That makes it three pints.
Why they ca n't put three pints on instead of one point five quarts.
Three stroke four.
so obviously she was easy about the size.
There's only two of them, yes.
yes, yes.
True.
I think we should too.
It'll be half the price it is in Boot's Cookshop.
Do you remember Jackie, he used to be.
Yes.
And that that one holds quite a lot.
Do you remember Jackie?
He used to be dark haired and worked in the toy shop in Sandhurst.
Yeah I thought you would.
Used to go in for your model paints and coloured marbles.
You have n't, have n't changed.
You have n't changed.
I mean your face I knew straight out.
It was your hair that got me.
Yes.
Well that's right.
I agree with you.
Yes.
Yes.
I know, oh yes it always grows a dark bit.
Yes.
That's right.
Yes.
That's right.
You were.
It's pepper and salt then.
Yes well I, I was very fair to start with.
And then it began to get a bit darker.
Not my eyelashes and eyebrows they're silver.
Always silver.
Absolutely silver.
But my, I thought no I'm not gon na go pepper and salt.
I do n't mind going silver.
This is natural silver on the temples.
Yes, yes you've got a silver.
Yes I could n't agree with you more.
Yes.
My best friend was your colouring and she always has a rinse.
It's her husband.
She said I do n't mind going grey but, but Paddy objects because he says it makes him feel old.
He ' my colouring.
Yes.
They usually say go paler.
They usually say go to chestnut rather than keep to black.
Mm.
Yes.
You reckon?
I do n't know cos I've never been brunette, Jackie.
So I would n't know love.
Well I was severe.
I had a severe style.
The neat pleat mm.
Mm the neat pleat.
But it was lovely for parties with a black velvet bow and sequins down the back.
Yes.
Yes.
That's right.
Yeah.
That's right.
Yeah it was very useful.
Right.
Cor look at that bas oh no it's fine.
No.
Well well she'll just she'll just go silver.
She was silver when she was little so I suppose she'll go back to silver.
Anything else you want to look at Dinda?
Yes I expect it probably is.
Hello love.
We'll grab this casserole because erm.
what's her name was n't sure if you'd get any more in of the next size up so.
I thought better grab it while it's there.
It's much, it holds much more than you'd think does n't it?
So's so's people do n't think we've nicked it.
Mind you they they know we have n't nicked it.
Sorry my love, you want?
Mm.
I'm counting, I'm counting five is n't it silly they put on there one point five quarts?
They could n't put on three, three pints.
Next week when I come in you'll have the next size up.
Never mind get my hair done.
Thanks a lot girls.
See you again soon.
Your Christmas cards are fantastic.
Marvellous value, are n't they?
No.
No.
Great.
Thanks a lot love.
I have n't left my.
coming to collect me.
I'll try not to.
See you dear.
Oh it's cold.
Last Friday you were packed out.
But you were packed last Friday.
You had got perms and heaven knows what on the go.
Strange is n't it?
One.
Ah.
Well not, not at that short notice.
Unless it's an accident or something when you ca n't.
Thank you Turan, very much.
Do n't know what, do n't know what they'll make of all that gobbledegook. bye bye love.
Have a good weekend.
See you next week.
This is the wrong side, they must have rewound it without meaning to.
Well you're supposed to use side A.
But it does to them, because they've got side A and side B on every tape.
And if they have n't got side side one tape two following I mean side two side, tape two side A following tape one side B, it puts them out a bit I should think are you going up the dog path?
When, when did you get all this stock of perfume?

That's right, I remember that.
Where does he keep them?
Yes, he did.
A miniature one.
I had to look in the top of his wardrobe.
Take it all away, he probably gave it to girls at work as well or something.
Well no, cos it would be too late after Christmas would n't it?
Oh he does, he gives er his secretary and switch board girl a box of chocolates and a bottle of wine and but I do all the Christmas cards.
and all the at work.
Hold on.
I do n't have a list from him.
Just have to try and remember.
Then of course there's always, oh he left last Spring, oh.
His up in Leeds.
And can you do a Christmas card for so and so, because he's been, he's been delegated to help me with my machine.
development and mind you I like Larry and Ken.
Well Larry's, I mean he's a genius, so he is a bit awkward to get along with, erm not awkward to get along his sweet, but he's.
Yes.
Hurry up, be a good boy.
No.
I do n't think so when I went to let him in he'd pulled himself up round the patio and looked as though he expected to be walloped for being silly he's taken us this morning.
The trailers, the cars there, but I ca n't see, ca n't see another.
Yeah, be great.

Well it could be after we've walked him in the morning.
So long as I shove the washing in the do n't like it in there it's dingy, unless the sun's out.
If you'd rather.
Give us more freedom in the afternoon if we need to go into Wokingham instead, do you want to go that way for a change or this, or through the woods?
I think maybe.
Oh here's another dog I think oh it's Judy's, not it's not hello, have n't seen you for a long time, hello, have n't seen her for a long time, morning, good morning oh she's a sweetie is n't she? forgotten her name come and say hello, I have n't seen you for ages, so him once on the, good morning.
Oh, oh dear.
Have you?
Have n't got your wife with you this morning too much for her.
Yes.
Yeah.
I've forgotten her name.
Yes.
Yes.
a bit of rough, mm.
No.
No, no, I usually see you together on the or along the flat path, yes.
That's right.
I've forgotten her name.
Tessa, yes Tessa, there's two Tess and Two Jess, oh dear, walk on the.
Yeah.
Oh yes, oh, the rangers say the same thing, do what you've always done.
Just somebody on the Council with a lot of, a lot of, there's a.
The ranger's always bring their own dogs.
Always have Digger with them.
Oh that's right.
That's right.
Mm.
Yes.
Who was this?
Oh.
Yeah.
He's,, yeah.
Yeah,.
No, no oh I agree people should n't let dogs foul on the pavement and in shopping places and things, cos it can be dangerous, but out in the woodlands if it was n't for all the animals we would n't have any green stuff, trees and bushes seagulls are up.
It seems, it seems calm enough does n't it?
No.
That's right, that's right.
Yeah.
Yes.
Yeah I thought.
Oh I do n't know February can be horrible sometimes.
Yes, we had the, we had the six foot drop in February do you remember? were cos we live on a steep hill and.
it's great fun.
Everybody comes from miles around, all the kids come and the parents last year, was it last year?
it look just like a ski resort all the bright jackets and the woolly hats and it was lovely, I mean they made it into, into an absolute skating ring for driving on.
Which, every, every thing went sideways, but it was such fun.
and the sun was shining and everyone had got pla plastic bags, anything they could get to slide on you know.
they were going down our front lawn then down the, then down then down the roadway, cos it's a dead end you see, so there's not much, not much traffic.
Yeah if you, if you're coming up you dare n't stop the driver and there's things hurtling at ya, there's kids on sledges coming at you at about fifteen miles an hour and you'll have to try and drive around them and.
Oh yeah, erm, oh I'd rather have our climate I think.
Oh it's horrible is n't it?
Yeah, yeah.
Really!
Oh.
I have heard, I have read about it.
Oh shit.
Oh how awful.
Oh that's awful.
I would n't like it that dry.
It's the same as that place in Australia where they have n't seen rain for seventeen years, I mean there's children who are grown up now at college have never seen a spot of rain, I'd hate that I'd rather have our, sometimes dismal climate.
That's right,.
that's right, and when you do get the thunder storm well my family get into their bathing costumes and go out and stand in it because it's so lovely to have the rain.
Yeah.
Yes, you have.
Yeah, so far we've been very lucky in, in Britain I think, apart from the hurricane damage, once or twice, on the whole our climates is not bad.
Yes.
Yes, exactly.
Exactly, you ca n't spend your life worrying about things, people are important.
Yes.
He's got the right out.
He's got the right out look.
Mm.
Yes.
Yes.
Mm, mm.
Mm.
You never think this is my last day.
Yeah, every days a bonus.
Yeah, you're quite right, or he's quite right.
Ha Harry, Harry Secombe is said after his heart attack there's no pocket in the shroud.
Well he's right, there are no pocket's in a shroud and he's seemed much happier since.
No, you have n't got it.
No.
No, me neither.
Yes, when it's all quite all the shops are closed.
Yeah.
Oh yes, not necessarily religious grounds I agree with you, it's just nice to have one day a week where everything is peaceful.
No.
No.
Well the big ones are, yeah.
There's only one thing, it might mean more part time jobs for college leavers and things if they go to work on a Sunday in the big stores and they did, give them a foot up to start a job, then get taken on you know as.
Yes.
Yeah Sunday morning.
But I prefer Lionel, I'll go round the supermarket's but I'll shop at Lionel's on the way back.
Cos I can pick out his stuff or say I do n't like the look of that one and he'll, he'll chuck it in the back.
And he'll often say to me look there's a fresh box under there, help yourself to what you want, i have n't opened that box.
Oh yes indeed, indeed, well only last week I said do need some flowers, come on Thursday they're fresh, I said I want them now Lionel, I hate to be without flowers in the room and he said well have two for the price of one, he would insist that I had two bunches for the price of one.
He's very good.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hello, good morning, good morning, all.
Yes..
Brilliant.
You taking them to Wimbledon?
My daughter says when, when did you go to Wimbledon?

Good ball boy a girl, quite right, gosh she's the same shape as Rocket.
They're all good dogs, but he does n't give it back though.
He does, oh yes he does.
He might he might do.
She, she, yeah she's given it, oh well, we've got to walk old thing I suppose, and then go to Lionel's, get some more fresh fruit.
You see they're again there you do n't get it in a packet you can pick out the grapes you want.
You can pick them out yourself.
And also, you know sometimes he's prices are much better than the supermarket's prices.
You do n't have to pay for all that fancy lighting.
No, Lionel's are better.
Mm, well apples at this time of the year are a bit sour.
Crunchy, yeah, true.
Had enough on the tree.
Yes.
Yes.
Yeah.
No.
Mm, yeah.
That's right, that's right.
Yeah.
I think apples are very acid.
Hello Tess, how are you.
You've got a funny thing on you, you've got a think on your head, Rocket's got a thing on his ear.
A wart.
Rocket's got one on his ear.
Rocket has got one on his ear.
And when he went for his injections I said to the vet can you snip that funny little growth and he said oh we'll wait until he's under, complete anaesthetic and then, it's only a little wart he said.
I did n't like it.
Yeah.
Yes.
Yeah.
Hold on.
So many.
Oh how strange, good morning.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Max.
Yes.
Does n't bother her does it?.
Mm, mm.
When ya, when ya, when you're grooming him you can.
Yeah, yeah.
Well we took him, took him for his injection in October.
They'd have been there about a couple of weeks.
But the little dog I went, I took a friend to collect her little dog from the vet it's had a double hernia, has n't it, double hernia, it, it had a tremendous operation dear little thing, but she said he had a wart under he's eye and on it's own accord it dried up and dropped off.
Mm.
So, so Tessa's might.
Yeah,.
yeah.
No.
Rocky, does n't worry him.
Oh, I'm careful with the brush, I'm careful, obviously with a brush and comb, I'd hate to, hate to jab it well we've got to go I suppose.
That German Shepherd having a good, oh he's gone, it's the oh dear.
Oh it's lovely is n't it, it's beautiful.
No.
Edge Borough.
Yeah, yeah, well the di the difficult is now in Simon's Wood, in the car park at Simon's Wood.
Yeah, they've taken.
over the car, as National Trust.
Yes, some, some went into the doctor's surgery car park in Aylesmore, it's full of caravans.
Mm.
Yeah.
Oh yes, it would n't surprise me at all.
I'm not so sure, touch wood.
Touch wood.
Yes.
Oh the wreck was incredible was n't it?
It was like a rubbish dump, and yet there's good old erm, grounds man, as soon as the had gone, they were down there, there was half a dozen of them and they got it cleaned in two days.
Yeah.
And the, where, where they've used all the, the woodland beside the lake as there toilet facilities.
and they talk about dogs!
Gee, I know which I prefer.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Sure.
Mm, too true.
Too true they do.

Well we bring a ball for Rocket and he'll, he'll run to it and then he'll walk off and leave it, so we have to keep, we have to keep finding it.
Yes, yes.
Nice chatting to you.
Bye bye dear, take care they're a nice old couple.
His wife's really slow now.
She hangs on to his arm and.
Oh yes, yes.
She's a sweetie, she's always got a soft looking smile on her face, he's always smiling too please him.
Yes, he's worried were.
Really.
Well anything else is a let down.
Want to get a comedy or a thriller or a drama.
Ooh, do you think?
I'd love to see that.
Well I may not, I may not find it as good, do n't, they always show you clips as trailers of the best bit's.
But if it's got anything about.
if they've got the American Indian culture in it then it will fascinate me, yeah.
Yes, yes.
Yes, well course I.
Yes that's worth it.
A lot of our modern hol.
Modern Come on, no she has n't got anything for you,.
You know, it, it makes me smile sometimes when I say come and try the mo modern politic approach to your ache, ache's and pains, your ailments.
Most of it comes think so, I mean so much of it comes from the North American Indians that.
and right back into the er, the Keltic legions and the medieval monks.
That's what I said to you, your dad when he did n't want to take Aspirins for his restrained back, and him, do n't believe in these drugs and I said look, if a monk gave you this he'd, he'd give you the bark of a birch tree, pound it up in a pestle and water and you'd think it was magic and you'd take it and you, relax your muscles, is that what it is?,.
I said yes that's what Aspirin is originally birch bark.
Well of course they used to use the poppy, for people in great pain.
amputations, child birth gosh the leaves are thick.
Yes.
Sycamore oh, sycamore and.
Actually I.
That is a Sycamore cos it is n't a, there is n't a conker tree around here that's Sycamore, there they are, that's it, that's a Sycamore tree, beautiful colour These are Dances with Wolves.
If it's.
If it's good, erm, can I say truthful background of the Indians.
Do you remember when Vaughan was, Vaughan was doing his meditation.
and he was trying to get in touch with a North American Indian, that a, thingamy in Wales was fixed up.
Wonder what ever came of that.
Yeah, I know, he does versify.
Well I try to.
I, I just ask him if, and it, the question that I'm interested in the answer to, like how did it go? and, now he talks at me for an hour until Diane comes in and says enough Vaughany, cos she can see I sort of trying to edge away.
That's a good idea.
She said to me just say to him like I do enough Vaughany, do n't want to hear any more.
I said no, I, I would hate to offend him because it's all so well meant being a mother in law you have to watch it.
Oh mother in law is.
She's just.
As a person, you know, I'd never have any time.
Yes, yes, I mean you never, she lives in that great place and she's got no money.
No, of course, of course.
I mean as an acquaintance I could tolerate her but I.
Well, could do, what I ca n't forgive is that she was so spiteful to my daughter, she's a sun shiny little sole and she's so full of love for everybody she's so generous.
she did n't want Vaughany to get married again.
She used to say what Diane, I've never heard of a Diane, after they were married this.
And when anyone treats my daughter like that I find it very hard to forgive, I know it hurts my kids, I'm much more up in arms than if they hurt me.
Remember that first Christmas when she put the cat among the pigeons by saying to me your husband told me that he ca n't really afford he's flying because you spend all his money, when I, when I've been backing him, saving money for his aeroplane and his lessons and.
But I thought she was stirring it you see and so did Diane.
I did n't believe her.
But he said, I said it as a joke when she was asking me about my flying and I said I do n't do as much flying as I'd like to, I've, I've got a wife to support and she takes all the money.
But I said I am the money I gave him his first flying lesson, I paid for it, like I bought his first three cars.
I excused myself and went to bed I think but she repeated it so solemnly you see not as, say somebody saying a joking sort of way.
And it was just after Frank had left her and gone to live in that place in.
Do n't know, last time I asked Diane she said oh he's, he's living with this machine he's got in.
some magic machine.
Yes.
A machine he's designed, I do n't know for what purpose, I did n't dare ask, I was going to ask Vaughan.
Probably, but he was hiding he would n't come out because he said that the men from outer space were after him.
Well I said to Diane you know, I did n't laugh, I did n't think it was funny, I thought it was sad and I said but he needs help, if Vaughan's you know, he's got two sons, but Mark's a bit hopeless and he was at Oxford anyway, I said surely somebody should go and get him some some treatment, sanitation.
You can get cranks, you just believe in flying saucers and a quite happy harmless, but, I think they need checking on to make sure that they are happy with the life they're leading it bothers me a lot.
Well he's still in Manchester I think.
I think he's in lodgings.
But of course he got half the value of Trafford Hall, which was quarter of a million?
Something like that, eighth of a million, it'll do me anyway.
Oh listen to that bird, is n't it beautiful it's a Thrush.
That's alright degradable.
Oh is n't it beautiful, he must think it's Spring.
Oh it's gorgeous oh you beautiful bird..
Like a spring sound.
I hope they do n't start nesting and then get all there.
Yes,.
this is, this is the end of November do not build your nest.
Oh it's beautiful.
Really doing his nut is n't he?
Perhaps that is his er, this is, this is my place,.
Yes, there he goes yes it was a Thrush You must come and try and hear the nightingale's again again, you have n't.
Oh, would you.
Would you try, you're supposed to try wish, wish for luck when you tread in it you know.
Ooh, where did you go? oh do n't look like that, no one's gon na hurt you baby, might smack your bottom once or twice.
Come.
Come.
Good boy, good lad, oh that Thrush song was a bonus was n't it?
Was n't it gorgeous?
I should buy some bulbs and ge, oh look at the pretty reeds.
Are n't they sweet.
Have n't got enough with me.
Hello, how are you?
I thought you'd gone away.
Oh.
That figures.
That figures.
Do you, if you do n't sell.
all the fruit, if you do n't sell all the fruit cakes.
Yeah, smell of the fruit.
Now, er hello Ed, hello love, he's doing a starling job in your absence, is n't he?, is n't he.
He ca n't leave the place alone, everyday he's here,.
grapes no not one twenty, yes, Keith goes through them like a hot mouth through butter.
These look drier than the ones at the back, it must be the latest one, or are they all the same?
That's alright my love you like grapes as well Dinda.
Oh look, a little baby one, given you voucher I'll just have half a dozen for you.
have got loads in the garden.
Erm, couple of, couple of pears.
Couple of pears for a fruit compact, oh that look's a beauty.
I usually come in every day for something.
Especially now I've got so many.
So many people on weirdo diets.
An iceberg, four salad tomatoes, some cress if you have it, I did, I did get banana's, and they have n't disappeared yet, oh look the clementine's are in Dinda is n't that beautiful, you could candy that, would n't it be attractive, candid to keep.
Oh are n't they whoppers.
Yes.
I've, I've got about four in the bottom of the fridge.
Er what'd I say, cress, got some fresh cress for Keith's salad.
Lot's of iron in that.
The bunches, mm.
That's it.
That's it, then it goes in my bars on the window sill.
I've got half an aubergine and I'm not going to make a veg pie anyway, it's a beauty is n't it.
Are n't these beautiful.
That's a.
He's, he's got.
He's got a university degree you see, so he knows what I'm talking about, when I say.
beautiful.
I did n't know you had it.
I did n't know you had a degree until the other day and Lionel said oh.
Oh I see.
And hope it does n't come to any more than that, otherwise I shall will be in your debt.
I've noticed you always used a machine.
Is that it, I do n't want the veggies, grapes, pears, iceberg, toms, cress, I think that's the lot.
Well it would n't come amiss, though.
I'd hate to drop the tomatoes half way across the road.
You want to drop the tomatoes.
Splat.
I always leave.

Thank you love.
No you're not supposed to put that on top of the grapes.
You take the bag I'll take the money.
Come all the way from Amberry you see just to get, just to get stuff from you.
Keep a pound coin with me.
Do you want a few erm chestnuts sweetheart, you sure?
You off sweets, eating two chestnuts instead.
Thank you Ed.
Have your cup of coffee now, while it's quiet.
Take care.
About one pound.
Oh gosh, that's good for you, you know it's good for your co-ordination.
My friend in here.
Ten, twenty, forty fi, hello love.
Have you got any yo-yo's in yet?
Oh.
Oh, oh, oh.
Yeah.
It's supposed to be very good for you.
Yes, you did, yes.

If they're more than eighty, I, I ca n't have it anyway.
I'm all ready if I got my handbag, but when I start walking because of the cars being broken into I do n't carry a handbag, you see, I just carry money in my pocket.
I've had mine done twice, mine done twice, mm, the police were up the other day lying in ambush, and I'd spotted them and phoned the local police station and said there's men lurking in the bushes of are they policemen?, she said yes madam, they're policemen.
I do n't, I thought they looked to they looked to clean and, and well groomed.
to be erm, sort of scroungers.
No way.
It is n't the money because the insurance company pay me back the money.
the car insurance mends my windows, but it's, it's your bank books, and your credit cards.
and your driving licence.
your insurance, all those little things you know, and you do n't.
Yes, yes.
Well I was in the pet shop.
Ah, but they're again they.
but then they could hit you on the head if they saw you've got it with you.
Mind you I've always got a dog and a stick.
Oh yeah.
Yes.
It's true.
In the Summer I have one of,.
Used to be, I bought it in here,.
remember the.
shoulder-less purses on, on a.
well they are now, my daughter now has a proper bum bag, but this was just a school, purse for school, just for break time.
And I use that in the summer, when I do n't want big pocket's.
I think.
That's right, you need three hands..
True, if I'm, if I know I want, might want something extra, I, I, stick a fiver in, this pocket.
If I loose it well, it's, hard cheese.
It's better than er.
better than this thing.
cos my daughter you see, I get so cross if anyone's at my car, I'm likely to go for them.
I nearly caught a man once erm, but I turned the whistle to the dog and he must of heard me, he dropped, into his car and drove off, if I could of got the dog in faster I'd, I'd chased him, my daughter said, no you stand back and take no not, but I'm not like that you see.
Yes, I'd whack him on the head with me stick or something.
And of course I'd get accused of assault.
Oh yes, oh yes, I would, I'm sure I would.
Thank's a lot girls.
. Are you looking at they big doggy?
Scalectrix, that's the next thing is it?
Oh look, come on, yeah Christmas lights are up not a lot mind you, a few bare bright bulbs.
What is that patch for?

I do n't know my dear.
Hello baby we were n't long were we?
Have n't seen Dan in there for a long time, I thought he'd left Lionel and gone off to get a a highly lucrative job somewhere You do n't somehow expect to see a, a young man with a university degree working in your local green grocer do you?
I have n't asked him, I did n't like to.
They must have been high up in the tree, leaves.
Yeah, that's a Beech tree.
Beg your pardon, you're right.
I beg your pardon, it does look like a Beech bowl does n't it?
Yes, you're quite right it is.
No up where the other's are, where they've just hidden in the bushes, I found sum brand new ones on Wednesday or Thur, after we had the heavy rain Why we going this way?
Oh, I'm very fond of the meadow walk get any more wild, actually, I suppose there are rabbits and things up here.
We should come one day at dusk and the bunny hoppers will be out, or of course very early in the morning.

The what?
Oh yes.
Surely that's the, that is the house where Queen Elizabeth the first spent all her girl hood.
perhaps it was burnt down and re-built or something did n't seem at all tudorish did it?

You think all the big houses in London that are now official Government all along the strand big private houses, Savoy Palace, The.
Way back in the thirteen, fourteenth century.
And your name sake Barnard of Bolier that's his palace opposite on the other bank of the Thames.
Eighty gardens, oh made me laugh.
Eighty gardens, but then as a place that size, and the did n't have any machinery do n't forget everything had to be.
I should think they probably still, in the, in the high season, I should think they probably still need fifteen, twenty.
I think it still belongs to the Duke of Devonshire because he was interviewed at the end was n't he?
And he said they have to systematically sell something to keep the place up.
But if they can use that er beautiful water.
to generate their own electricity, save them a bomb and they can sell some as well.
I know a lot of people say they should n't.
have houses that size, but I think it's an awful shame to let our heritage go.
I tell you another thing that amazes me, how any one with a Sovereign right, were a Sovereign in those days, could have given up the palace of Westminster which is so beautiful, palace, together I suppose reigned after the Duke of is it?
It was only built erm, what a couple of hundred years ago was n't it?
Mm.
At Kensington, Kensington palace, but the palace of Westminster I think is the most beautiful building.
and of course they had the Thames which was their main highway, Thames was much easier to use than.
Oh yes.
Oh yeah.
I think Buckingham Palace is lovely compared to Westminster Palace, beautiful old stone and the, and the shape of it and it's windows, it's beautiful huge of course, there again the court then had loads and loads of er, there were ten.
And a lot of the Government, Governing people of the country Oh it is a bit chill and damp is n't it?
Did you mention anything to your dad about wanting to watch Dances with Wolves?
No, no,.
why you gon na get something.
something more adventure, I do n't want to buy it, I may, I may not be that keen on it.
Did n't like Fantasia, where I can listen to the music and watch them.
I would like to see Dances with Wolves he'll probably be asleep any way Dinda.
He puts the Variety Performance on he'll go to sleep.
He's actually been out of his armchair today long enough to erm, spend ten minutes putting a washer on the hand basin in the loo.
And you could of done that last weekend,.
I owe a letter to Dida.
I do n't know whether I owe one to Madge or not, probably I do.
She owes me a letter, thank heavens, somebody who owes me a letter instead of vice versa.
Ca n't remember whether I owe Madge a letter or she owes me one.
He's probably having a visit run like bat out of hell good gracious.
Oh look.
Hello magpie, there's two of them Ooh come on, come try again.
. Are there's a playful one coming, ah, been called away what a shame.
Border Collie, a sheep dog.
Yes.
Oh yes.
They get into mischief.
Yes, yes.
Oh yes, well look how Kelly could get.
That's right, very much.
Kelly was alright, as long as he was doing things, but he wanted to be doing things all the time.
Yes.
Remember when he went up to the aeroplane, Jim only hate to haul him away and slap him once and he learned, he did n't go near an aeroplane any more.
kept right away from the aircraft.
there's a teddy bear again, gorgeous.

We'll have to say hello to her she's, oh yes you're so, oh, oh, oh my goodness, what have you done to your.
Ah it's what.
She is is n't she?
When you gon na go off, ah, ah, ah, watch it, that's a lady, watch yourself.
You need look like that.
It's when one is on the lead I think the other's feel the disadvantage,.
he should be about eight and a half, he's rescued.
It's not like him to grumble at a bitch.
Thought she was pretty young, she's going to be whopping when she's.
Here then, get a bit too cold for them would n't you?
She's longing to go for a gallop is n't she?
Oh, all full of energy are n't you love, she's a beauty, what's her name?
Suit's her does n't it?
She just growled and growled and growled, did n't she.
She.
You what?
Oh no, oh you ca n't keep her?
They let British come into America.
Yeah.
Not the other way round of course.
Dogs from Britain can practically live anywhere.
Hel hello Topsy, hello Topsy, I'll shall squeeze your feet if you do it any more, I'll shall squeeze your paws and you wo n't like it.
Mm, I always use to do it with my German Shepherd.
Cos, cos they're big enough, if they even in love, they can knock a child, well they could knock a grown up flat on your back.
Yes, no squeeze the paws,.
not, not too hard for her but enough so that it's uncomfortable.
and they hate it, and after, after a week, after a week of having their paws squeezed every time they jump up, stop.
I've a lot, a lot of my friends have got big dogs and they say oh they will jump up and I say squeeze her paws, it usually works.
in a week, ten days, something like.
They're a very, but they can still knock you flat on your back.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, behind your knees you can.
Oh yes, it's all affection.
Bye, bye.
Do you want to play?, want to play? get it, get it,.
get it, get it oh play Rock.
Look.
Another seven months.
And they ca n't keep her?
Moving, moving to America.
Well I'd imagine they'd go too there, and they're still looking for someone.
You'd like to take her would you?
When she was trained, stop jumping up and things she'd be a nice dog.
Yes, so would I.
Wee, get it.
Get it.
Have ads in where?
I do n't think they're been yet.
Into the dog walk.
I do n't know if the ranger's put any seed down or what, but they all seem to like, they all seem to like the smells round here.
You be a good lad now?
Good boy.
Good boy.
God it's carpeted with leaves now.
Haven's seen Sam.
Or Davey.
Good boy, hurry up Good boy Rocket.
What, no, no, you'll try and go get back across the meadow, I expect.
Hello.
I would n't trust those two any further than I can throw them.
My instincts straight away.
I would n't be surprised if they were the sort of people who had the stolen bicycle down in the bushes.
Oh dear, they have n't go a dog, but they went on the dog walk!
No, no, no, what every you like,.
if you like dog crap on your shoes.
What, what, maybe he wants to, maybe he wants to you know what.
Honesty.
He's eaten another dish of biscuits.
Cleaned out his dinner bowl and eat more biscuits.
Foxes you after is it?
Good lad, good lad, good lad.
Good boy good boy good boy.
Oh look over there, it's, it's.
black, except for the occasional, little topping of gold.
Try and get one of these gadgets, and see if we can er get the nightingales next week.
I do n't suppose the radio part of this is put in then,.
I'm not messing with it, just recording playing back.
Not that I like walking around with music blasting anyway, I'd rather listen to the birds.
Good.
No sign of Sam, ah here he comes, hold on then, the dogs gon na have a talk.
Your friend's coming, your friend's coming, your friend's coming, look, look who's that, who's that, who is it?
Who's down there, who is it, who is it, who is it?.
Keep still a minute, let's have a look, come here, Sam, Sam.
That's right, you see to him, go on you see to him, you see to him,.
, hello Davy.
He has, he has n't been very active actually.
He was looking.
He's been asleep in the car.
Yeah, yeah, both coming back, now just had a bald patch.
Good gracious.
Oh they do up the Rid up the Ridges?
Simon's Wood?
Oh, they've, they've then, good.
What a shame they've missed their walk together.
No, we came a bit earlier because it was so dingy.
We met er, a beautiful old English sheep dog, seven months old and they've got to find a new home for it, because they're off to America.
Well I said they're except British dogs in America.
Dog's from England can go anywhere, it's just coming back in, the problem.
And he said yes but it's, it's the accommodation we've got, maybe it's a Company move and they've given them an apartment or something, seven months old, you know, that big, so by the time.
she's grown up, she's.
Yeah, yeah, beauty, beauty.
Well I should think they'd probably advertise.
Yes.
Yes, Topsy, Topsy.
That's where, where it fell off in all the hurricane.
That's topped.
it's top.
Plenty of good firewood is n't there?
It'll still, it'll still burn nicely.
Lovely smells to when it's burning.
And of course the erm, those sort with all the redden in them, muddly blue flames and they keep spitting and given pretty, pretty pictures, it's gorgeous.
Yeah.
Yes, we have to trim our Pine trees occasionally, the firs, and ooh they smell beautiful on the bonfire.
Yes, you did.
And she did very well.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
I've got out of the way of, I've often said to Dinda, you know, I would n't mind going back to an open fire in the winter.
Oh never mind, when I was first married, it was carry coals up two flight of stairs to start with.
It was me who did it, not my husband.
He use to sit there and say, is it getting cold in here? and muggings I use to get up and feed the fire and go down and, I, I ca n't believe it when I think back you know.
Yes,.
yes.
Getting cold.
Yeah, that's right.
Well we used to take it in our stride, I mean I grew up with an old Victorian house with potent fires and you had keep the fires going either wise in the winter it was bitterly cold, it was nice and cool in the summer coming out of the heat.
But in the winter you needed the kitchen range and the dining room and drawing room needed fire then, and if anybody's was ill we had fireplaces in the bedrooms of course.
But since I slept in, what used to be the maid's bedroom, I was always.
that's right, yeah, yeah.
Old, old sash windows.
Oh, you would, you would.
With sash windows, with the wind howling round them.
Stone floors down stairs.
Would you know, we did n't have any serious illnesses as children, the only place we had a bit of warmth, used to have a valour lamp in the bathroom in the winter, had a valour lamp in there to keep the chill off.
, the valours were, yeah, with, with the little er, shiny.
handle with a bit of erm,.
That's right, yeah, that's it, yes, and about that tall with a sort of round top and a slim bit and then legs, four legs on the bottom,.
yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Done him the world of good.
I like the friendly nudge up the tail.
Give me a kiss.
He's a beaut.
No I have n't.
Mm.
Well they usually go off together you see.
Go off, on, on forays together do n't they?
Gone fox hunting I think.
Mm.
Yeah.
Well he's much younger than Rocket who must be we reckon, no.
well he should only be eight and a half, I mean they told us he was three and a half when he was rescued.
They told us three and a half, but there again a lot of rescue people do cut the ages of their dog, but, but, our, our two vets agreed he was around three and a half, between three and a half and four, look at his teeth and his coat and his bones.
Had him five years so.
Yes, between eight and a half to nine, we just in a dogs life a year, is seven of ours.
Yes.
But, George's still just a great puppy are n't you?
Still a great puppy, yes, yes.
Rocket's fifty six, catching up on me.
Oh there's Sheba, she's aged, by Jove she's aged,.
She's very well looked after,.
ever so bright, yes, they were playing and chasing sticks and.
Thirteen she was.
Actually she's not simply long coated like Roxanna was she's over coated if anything.
She's very heavy and the size of her feet.
In fact she's a throw back, it's as almost as though she's got some some Alaskan type dog in her.
or Husky type dog.
No, no no she's not quite full of big boned, but by Joe.
They're probably listening, listening for the foxes or something.
Obviously they heard something.
Yeah.
Do n't you, do n't you find he'd rat he'd much happier sitting in the car?
Than left at home, where you've gone away somewhere without him.
No, exactly.
But my dogs have always, much rather come shopping with me and sit in the,.
Yes.
Oh I do n't know the supermarkets the best part of an hour this time of year.
But, oh he's quite happy, he'll curl up in the back of a car, but when I come home and he goes so berserk if I've left him at home, I know that he's been watching and listening and waiting for me all that time.
That's right, yeah,.
but he knows where your car is you're not far away.
I think they work it out that way.
At least you can let him, give him a run.
Yes, Mrs up just behind is n't round by the air field.
Yes.
Oh, that's where we usually end up I'm afraid.
air field.
Well we go down there for all the permits and things anyway you see, recording there with the documents the P F A.
Look at his tail going, no do n't Sam, leave it,.
do n't kill anything else.
Yes, we can do without another fox fight.
This morning we heard two thrush's singer their spring song.
Beautiful.
Beautiful.
, they, remember last, end of last winter when it got mild after the cold spell, they were building their nests and then we got all that cold weather again, all the, all the fledglings were dead.
Nests I found when I was clearing the garden, put the little eggs in and they'd all gone cold.
Yes, yes.
But, you think they had most of them do do n't they?
They heard the geese know when to fly North, and when to fly South and navigate by the stars and by the lay lines in the earth, it's just is n't it magical?
No, no way, we used to, we used to, I mean ancient man did.
They navigated by the, by the ley lines, that's why you find monuments built up on hills so they could stand in the middle of the of nowhere and they could see a, they could either feel it through their feet.
where the, where the main lines were, or they could look and see erm, what do you call them, those groups of trees on tops of hills they used.
there's one near Shoreham.
Oh, places like that.
They could see them and navigate by them, if they have n't got the sun or the stars, yeah, yeah, we've lost all that of course, as we got what we called civilised, we've lost all those old skills.
Yes.
Yeah,.
I was stationed right on the Pilgrims Way.
Mm, mm,.
Oh yes.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, who, you took it out of the bushes.
Yeah, it's gon na get rusted or, or.
Yeah.
So it was n't the bicycle people that, that the two, that they were laying in ambush for, must of been the car thieves they were laying in ambush for.
Suppose they would, yes, yes.
Yes.
Oh.
Mm, mm.
Yes, I hope so too, but, I have the feeling that the next, the next time we looked I do n't remember it having green peddles the first time you found it.
Sam found it.
I mean they were bright green, and I thought it was a different bike, I did n't even noticed the second time if it was a ladies or a man's bike.
Yes.
Yeah, yeah.
It was n't muddy or rusted or anything.
Yeah.
No, no.
Do n't know, lost them both.
They've gone off together now, another one joined in now, hello.
I'd better grab Rocket.
No that's Rocket.
Ah could well be, we might see, we might see you tomorrow.
I do n't think, I do n't think we'll be at the air field tomorrow.
Have a nice day at Shoreham.
Great, enjoy yourself, bye, bye.
Rocket come.

You were going to help with the woman.
Ah that's nice of you get Stella something in here.
Why that thing at the front, that's a pretty arrangement.
Was n't, fondue set.
A hot tray.
Well at least she'll be able to sit with it on her lap aha I like it.
I'm too much help to the police I do n't think they've, I do n't think they'd move me on.
I would n't look I like those, I would n't mind those in our little cottage, I like the Chintzy colours.
I keep looking at suits and have ah, erm, completely unzippable covers for cleaning.
Oh that's nice and warm.
Came out the end of last month did n't it?
Or the middle of this month.
Oh it's got lot's of animals in this one.
things that happened to them while they were making the African Queen and, they've turned into a story.
A little less heavy?
Ah.
Well if you ask they might have some just brought back.
Can you get it down to read it?
It's stuck there.
It's sort of rather plain cream on the back.
No sweetheart.
Oh honestly I did n't touch it, I did n't.

I did n't done anything honestly I did n't.
Oh I see they stick into the felt.
They've got all things on the back.

Look.
Well I, I would n't mind watching that, yes I, no I would n't I'd think it's silly, told you once I saw at the I could n't, this does n't want to stay up this double sided tape.

Hello Emma, hello Jenny, you're up early this morning.
What got you out of bed so early?
It's a Sunday morning you did n't have to get up.
You had what?
I ca n't say I blame you.
Yes, usually the way.
Yeah, absolutely.
Good girl,.
yeah.
It's funny because Dinda does the same thing.
Weekends she's bright and early, half past.
seven quarter to eight, the week days when she needs to get up at quarter to seven.
she said I could of.
slept this morning.
Yes,.
yes,.
yeah.
It's not natural really is it?
And the animals do n't want get up do they?
Poor Jenny, and what time does Nina have to get up?
Emma what time does Emma have to get up?
Yeah.
Oh that's not too bad is it?
Yeah, that's when I'm trying to stay in bed but I ca n't, on a Sunday.
I ca n't, thank you love.
Yeah.
Oh no I do n't do that, I dare n't it's week days and I usually want to go off back to sleep.
No,.
yeah.
, ca n't say I blame you.
Another dingy day today, oh, see you in the morning dear.
Cheers.
Yeah.
Here's Alison there's a good boy, there's my good lad Who's coming?, who's coming?, who's coming Rocket?
Hello Hello Henry, hello Lucy.
Hello love, your,.
you were quick.
That was quick.
Well I phoned you twice before, and there's been no answer so I must,.
oh you did tell me, yeah, but the weekend before that I think I was late.
Yes.
Yes.
Oh no,.
something hits you,.
yep,.
yep.
Come and get it sweety, give it to me then.
No, no, you have to wait.
Look.
Good girl Ludabelle.
Oh poor old Rocket, he, he runs after the ball, then runs past it and leaves it.
he wo n't, wo n't really play.
A stick wo n't do?
Yes.
Oh, not bad.
But tediously, but same as usual.
Oh yeah.
Oh yes, oh yes, still.
Marvellous.
Yes.
Could n't be more right.
Could n't be more right, except that.
Yeah.

Yes.
Mm, oh yes, Dinda is er, she's inclined to be a little too.
yes and she can not discriminate her feelings.
When she disapproves of something you've said or done.
Well she does, she does n't say it, she.
does n't say all that much, she'll probably just get up and walk out of the room or, or heave a big sigh or something.
You know I think I would.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Is n't it?

The first time we had a break together, Dinda said let's go out, I said well somewhere fairly close where we can take little Rocket.
so we took a cottage on Canvey Island.
I've always heard it was a bit of a sort of a.
Blackpool type thing, it was beautiful, lovely countryside,.
absolutely gorgeous.
Would you believe that he said I've got to work on the aeroplane this week, I've got the week off, I've got to work on the aeroplane, I, you know, I shall be alright, down the airfield, er on the Wednesday he arrived to see how we were getting on, complaining like made because he had n't been able to find where the cottage was, I said but I'd left you a detailed map,.
I'd left you the full address, and the telephone number and a fully detailed map.
I said, that, erm, begrudgingly I must admit, I said, you gon na stay overnight, no, no, I've come to take you both out to dinner.
He is good, I've got to work, that's an excuse.
but I've got to work on the plane tomorrow.
You know when we came back the next Saturday as we've gone through the front door, he'd gone to the Little Chef for breakfast because there were n't any crocks left to u, to use.
the kitchen was piled up, I, I, Dinda took my suitcase upstairs, I'd seen to the dog, he was very, very good in the car as you know er, I took my suitcase, I could n't get through the bedroom door, the bed clothes on the floor where it's, where we've had a sudden hot spell, he had n't folded them up.
and put them in the spare room.
just, just, left them lying on the floor.
It's for spite, I mean, he was, he was quite capable of doing the.
Just.
Oh yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Was he the only son?
Yes, yes.
Yes.
Go on.
Yes.

I mean I use to do a full time job outside the home, then come back and do all the housework and the washing and the children.
Let's have it then Henry, leave it.
Throw my ball.
Come on down.
Oh lovely.
not throw it at the cyclist had I?
Better not throw it, wait.
You too.
No.
That's right.
Yes.
That's right.
Molly maid, yep.
Yes.
Well, not with both of you out.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Relax.
Mm, mm.
I do n't know I'm not use to going in the meadows.
Lucy.
Mm.
Stop it, no.
Come, come, come, come on.
as your told.
, oh typical.
Yeah.
No.
Mind you that.
Oh, how nice.
My husband has n't.
I ca n't, I ca n't remember Pete ever changing sheets on the bed, ever.
Not even when I got a new baby was it.
No, oh no.
I lead.
I, I,.
yes, I had exactly the same thing, being a top flight secretary at work.
Yes,.
that's right, and not even, not even a word of appreciation for, a, a sale you've clinched or a good impression you've made on the end deal.
or something.
Which reflects on.
your boss of course.
That's right.
Yes.
Yes.
Well I use, I use to work longer hours.
Than my husband did..
Cos I was out with my first daughter at quarter to eight in the morning to catch the bus to take her to adopted aunty.
and he was still sort of erm, just.
Yes, exactly, and I'd be out in all weather's.
to catch the bus,.
erm, and then get back and I, I was worked.
eight thirty to five thirty.
Oh too true.
Yes.
They do n't think about it.
What about the clearing up when they have, when they have cooked.
The use three dishes and bowls for everyone.
you've used.
It's horrendous.
My son in law's, one of them is not too good.
but at least he does decorate, good morning, he does decorating and things and he helps like that,.
and he will do a bit of washing up, they do n't want to use the washing up machine.
But my middle son in law is absolutely marvellous.
He wants, he wants to.
I do n't know.
His mother had two sons, and she said they're not going to be helpless, you've lost it stupid.
They both went into the Scout's and the Rangers and Edie made each of them do their own bed, do their bedrooms on Saturday's.
and now, I mean, Debbie, Debbie has well Debbie is.
Debbie's got this horrendous pregnancy having lost two baby's you see.
she's got this horrendous pregnancy.
now, and Richard is working all day and because Debbie's been told she's got to have bed, bed rest.
Erm, he'll come in in the evening he's done the shopping, he cleans the house, they live in a converted barn.
so you can imagine how big it is.
He vacuums, he cooks her a meal.
To try and tempt her appetite because she's throwing up.
Two sons, the other one's dead.
Yep.
Yep.
I'm afraid he er.
he was one of the sixties products who got onto all the drugs and things.
Yep, and had a stroke, a brain haemorrhage.
Mm.
Yep.
My mother in law, was just, that, the other way round.
She was drooling all over him.
in his fifties, it was my baby boy.
It used to make you want to throw up sometimes.
I could n't believe it when I first, first year of marriage and when I got pregnant, er, we'd walk into her, well it's her daughter's erm sitting room, she'd struggle up out of an arm chair and I'd think oh gosh, I know she must n't get up for me, got the tummy out here,.
and the baby have this chair, not her pregnant daughter in law, but her baby boy.
All six foot of him.
No darling you must n't do that, I'll shall, I'll shall take your cup out.
Yeah, but, I had to take over, where she left off.
otherwise the place was a tip.
God.
They wo n't mind.
Yes.
Yeah.
Oh no.
Oh no.
Yes.
my daughter's now.
No.
You should have said so and so could you come and do so and so love, my daughter's now do Christmas for me.
because one Christmas about four,.
four years ago.
I think so.
Come on, come on, it's a horrible noise is n't it?
Oh yes, it's just under growth.
Foxes and rabbits.
Yeah, oh great.
Great.
But I found that.
now, I mean my girls used to come to me with boy, boy friends as they grew up and then husbands, but they always help, they always.
helped with the bedrooms and things like that you see,.
the clearing up, they always gave a hand, but even so, they, they did n't realise that the three weeks before hand.
The lists, the planning, the food.
Yes, yes, and all the rest of it.
My husband's eh, never bought the Christmas presents, he buys one and usually he'd only get that from one of the girls, what shall I get mum can you do.
He does n't have to do anything, but about four Christmas's ago I had the whole lot down, I had nine of us for the whole Christmas week, erm, Boxing Day I went in the kitchen, two of Diane's friends had arrived, who lived in London and I went in the kitchen, I'd had a bad dose of the flu virus that was.
going around and I'd worked right through it because of all the Christmas preparation.
and I went into the kitchen and I fell down, first time in my life, I've never passed out, not.
even in pregnancies or anything.
next thing I remember was being undressed and in bed with Debbie standing there with a boiled egg on a tray, saying mummy were so sorry you'll never do Christmas again, you've done it for us for forty years, we shall do it for you now.
And they have ever since.
But there again you see I go in the kitchen and say right, want to do spuds.
Yeah, what would you like me to do?
If, I say, if you want me out of the kitchen just say so, I do n't want to be under your feet.
And they either say go and read the paper mum, I'll call you in half an hour.
And we get on fine.
Yes.
Oh bless their hearts, they'd always helped, but they had n't realised I think.
Yes, yes, Diane was the first.
Yeah.
But I'm.
forty now you see, so.
Yeah, well my eldest daughter's forty.
Yeah.
That's Debbie, she's, she's, she'll be thirty this month.
I think you're much better off.
I envy you.
He's got nothing left, he's got nothing left..


Oh.
On my own with, with.

No, no.
Oh crikey no, you're just beginning love.
I'd, I'd I'd got a four year old toddler and a and a eighteen month old crawler when, when I was your age.
Yeah.
Yes, so life had started again for me.
Except, that, except that of course I was doing everything for everybody.
No, help with anything, that was after the emergen emergency Caesar and everything.
I'm, I think I had to do a days.
Do n't throw it too far otherwise.
Yes,.
It knocks you on your heels does n't it?.
I can see it, it knocked you back on your heels.
Yes.
Yes.
Partly true, yes it is.
Well both my daughters are married to.
divorced men.
Hello love.
Fine.
and you?
Is n't it noisy?.
Do you wear.
Do you wear ear things?
Yes you would, be careful he get's between your legs and goes.

They both do that, Lucy and Henry both do that, shove their heads.
between your legs and go.
Oh they,.
come away from the foxes please.
Come on away from the foxes, picks up any bits the foxes have left and then he get's an upset stomach and that's another thirty pounds at the vet.
Well, yes, once they have.
an injection and been back for a check up, yes it's a good thirty pounds, you ca n't step in the door really without twenty five pounds.
Even for their injections every year you know, and the, their worming twice a year.
He was, he was in the rescue.
Oh well I've it because I've had two pedigree's.
It's alright.
I think they were only talking.
And it was a white sweater, clean white sweater.
I put on my old trouser's and welly boots this morning, it said it was going to be so messy.
I can only wear short ones otherwise they catch on the back of the driving seat and I do n't like that.
Anything that makes me, im impedes me, yes.
Yes, just happened at the wrong time.
Yes.
Oh lovely.
So it's all paid for.
Ah?
on the shelves there.
I did n't know they had a big library.
Oh so, the public is nothing.
Carry a computer.
No.
Well, very good.
This is what the Government pay for?
For the, for the inmates of Broadmoor?
They have a, a life of Riley do n't they?
Think about it.
Huh, you have more sympathy for them than I do.
My first sympathy is with the people that they're in there because of, if you see what I mean?
Hello love, I mean if they, if they were in cells without any books to read or televisions to watch I would n't have that much sympathy, my sympathy is with the little girls.
who've been left.
assaulted in bushes,.
oh no I do n't hate them.
Oh no,.
no,.
I feel sorry for them there, but for the grace of god, does anyone of us?
If they're sick in their heads, if they're sick in their heads and they have to rape little girls.
But my first thought is for the little girls.
and I would stick a needle in their bottom while they were fast asleep, so they did n't wake up any more, just like you would with an animal that does that.
Yes, I can see your point,.
yes.
Yeah.
Yes.
Well I remember, so I used to talk to the nurses quite a lot when I walked Roxanna, my other German shepherd, in Wellington.
and quite a lot of the nurses used to walk their nurses, I mean they're er war trained and unarmed combat and they're wardens, let's face it, they're not nurses, and one of them was saying to me, oh we had a fellow in the other day, he'd, he'd a, fallen up the police stations steps I think erm, he said that he'd been to see the do gooders, he had this interview.
and he convinced them he did n't need an operation, he was, he was cured, he'd had his treatment, psy psychiatrist that seen him and he was all right thank you, he said, and they're so clever they can convince anybody on the outside.
Exactly, and as they took him back to his room, not his cell, but his room, he turned to my, my mate who was with me and said er, I do n't want an operation I like having sex with little girls, he said now I've got two little girls and I had to turn and walk away.
I said I can understand, he said I had to turn and walk away because my fingers were itching.
Yeah.

Yes, but this fellow you see, I said to him erm, you had a lot to do with that fellow, he'd, he'd been down to collect him from someone on the South Coast as well with a police of course, and I said what happened to the little girl? he said oh she's been in psychiatric care, care for four years.
and there's no chance of her, and she was shattered, her, her life was ruined.
But I did n't have much sympathy for the man who was.
Who's got a cigarette ration and his television,.
yeah, do you remember the one, two or three years ago who talked to do gooders, that he was, he was fine.
and he was let out and first, within twenty four hours he'd gone down to the South Coast and killed his mother and his girl friend.
just like that.
I mean I would, I would I'd stick a needle in their bottoms just like I would for a dog that had gone b, gone bad, I'd say poor creature ca n't help it.
I feel sorry for the victims.
Cos dad,.
yes,.
well she should n't be in there.
She should n't be in there.
She should n't be in there.
I think she had every right to.
Just to fight.
Yes,.
yes.
Yeah.

What a lot of walk for your fuel was n't it?
Ca n't you get your van down?
It's a long walk.
You drove past me the other day when I drov, was it you?
When I.
When I whipped him, when I whipped him into the side just down there.
I heard this, this, a range rover coming ever so, ever so patiently behind me at walking pace, I suddenly realised there was something behind me.
I think so, yes, yes.
Do n't work too hard.
Oh no, honestly he would, if there was strangers.
Wow, wow, wow is enough, yes, he goes mad at the post, he drags it all across, all across the hall, all through the lounge.
Oh yes, I would too if they had one.
Yes.
Yes, oh Rocket, for the first few months I had him, after he was rescued, and he was so protective of me, because I'd given him a good home and never, never hit him in the face.
No he goes up, he puts his,.
no put's his paws on Keith and wags his tail and says, hit me.
I'll take, that's what he was got used to you see.
Ca n't bear angry voices, first he used to go underneath the rocking chair.
and hide, now, even if Keith's arguing with the television, which he would, Politician, he'll still go up and put his paws up on his knee, wag his tail, and bury his head and say, hit me instead,.
I'm, I'm the punch bag.
and I'd call him.
and then give him a game and take his mind off it, and take him in the kitchen give him.
a, give him a chew or a treat or something you know.
Roxanna if ever, er god forbid, if ever he's raised his hand, Roxanna would have had him I think.
Threatened her once or twice.
yes.
Oh yes, oh yes, now he knows better.
Dinda's er trained him along,, well, a very good self defence.
And she's had no hesitation, she'll.
Absolutely.
She would knife him if she had too, and then of course she'd end up in Broadmoor,.
Yeah.
Yeah,.
I think there is sympathy erm for the people who are sick of course I can.
Yes,.
Yes,.
Yes,.
Yes.
Of course.
They always get beaten up.
Yeah, especially when it's their own little girl.
their own little children.
Yeah.

from the back of your, back of your necks going.
Yeah, yes.
Ball done then, ball done, ball done, that's have the last one, thank you.
Thank you.
This way, it's more easier to see, not quite so many leaves.
Ca n't play cricket with a jacket on can you?
Rocket!
They've taken each other for a walk, I think they, I think they're having a little flirtation, I think they're over there,.
Rocket come,.
Come.
Come, come.
I'm glad to see you so happy and bright.
Enjoying your job,.
and, and if ever you think of it, just think Ginny would give her back, back teeth.
It has, it has, it has.
Yes, yeah.
Well to be quite, to be quite honestly sweety, I mean, I look at him and I think I'm not unfond of him.
He's the father of my three girls.
who's in my life,.
and if it had n't been for him I would n't have them,.
mind you, I'd have somebody else's.
Yes, but you know for years, when they were growing up in their teens, I was the the tennis net between him and his daughters, where's she going, who's she going with, who's bringing her home, is she wearing eye make up, why's she wearing nylons and not ankle socks,.
I was always the buffer between the two, I used to say I agree with you dear, I do n't want her to wear nylons, that's not the point, all her friends are wearing nylons and she's not going to be the.
odd one out.
She's not going to feel the odd one out.
It does n't make much difference to us, we're not that hard up, that we ca n't afford.
until they left home, first of all it was I break his bloody neck taking advantage of my daughter, cos they each lived with their.
boy, boy friends before, they married them, they were n't sleep, if they'd been sleeping around then I would of said something, then I would of said something to them,.
but it was one man and they stuck to him, and they, they lived with them first and then they married.
Only too, god if I lived with him first, I would never of married him, no, no, no way.
No way, if I'd known him.
The whole courtship was a tissue of lies, you know.
Where he lived, where, when he was born, where he was born, what his parents did.
Everything was lies.
Complete lies, yeah.
Yes.
And now I had a lovely fellow I'd grown up with in the same village, the same sort of background, we'd known each other since we were eleven, twelve,.
he's still in love with me he says, in eh, working in Birmingham, living in Bristol.
Phones me up now and again, oh yeah, I'll have you.
Still dreams about me.

Met him in Stratford last summer when Dinda and I had a cottage,.
Dinda and I had a cottage in Stratford last, we made sure that father was going to Plymouth to Debbie's for the week, he said he adores it down there.
he did n't really like it, but he had a lovely week, but at least we did n't come back to a house that's full of.
full bedclothes and dirty crock.
Hello, hello, hello,.
She had, she had so many warnings.
But he looks bright.
Atten,.
yeah,.
yes he'll have to have a collar on.
But it's natural for them to lick a wound.
Yes.
Cos normally they are n't stitched, they have to heal by nature.
I suppose.
What a good boy are n't you?
Yes.
Oh really has healed nice.
But how can he reach it with the collar on?
You've got the collar on back to front.
Oh, it should be.
And he could reach?.
It's so long is n't it?.
Cos it's a.
Got long under carriage, have n't you darling.
Oh they do hate it.
At least he can see, I mean Roxanna.
had to have one for a short while, she was quite young and I, we'd only just moved here and I took her to the vet the used to be in Sandhurst, they said it was a bee sting, they put purple stuff on it.
It did n't get any better and somebody told me about and I took her down there, oh Mrs she's picked up mange, I said mange, I know she said you feel just like when your child's got nits in their hair.
do n't worry, it's, it's in the grass and she's just picked it up in the heat wave.
So to stop it cos she always used to clear the foxes from the top garden, but er, because she worried it, it was about there on her patch.
a bald patch, yes, so she had wear, actually we had to cut down a plastic bucket cos she was a big dog.
cut down a plastic bucket and fixed that, it was great she had a bucket round her, round her.
thing.
Let him get used to it.
Yeah, yeah, he'd forgot all about it, did n't he, he was putting it on you see.
They do n't half get you at it, do n't they?
Good, I, I thought of you following him around watching what he was going to do.
Yes and the.
Of course you must of emptied his lower bowel, when she did the operation.
so there would of been nothing there for him to go for, you must of been ever so worried following him around watching him.
Yes.
Mm.
Was there any way he.
Oh good.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh good.
So he's not off his food, that's a good sign.
He's certainly alert, that's why I did n't want to ring the bell,.
so that he would n't upset himself by barking, that's why I tapped on the window when I saw you.
What a good boy.
What a good boy,.
he's aged, he's aged round he's eyes.
It does n't seem that long since you had him as a puppy.
use to keep.
keep Lancer company.
Is there any way she can tell what's going on inside, where she did all the reconstruction.
Yes.
Yes.
That's right, he was.
And then of course he has n't, he has n't got testicles any more.
But she's, so it's difficult to judge is n't it?
Cos you do n't know how much she took away when she took the testicles out.
They're partly inside, they're partly outside.
Yes, yes.
She did a marvellous job.
Oh poor little soul, of course he was.
Is he getting treats, is that why's he's looking.
So that he get's a treat.
Are you not getting any treats?
I nearly brought you down and treat, and I thought I'd better not until I've asked your mum.
Well that's only.
a food supplement is n't it?.
Rocket has a chew usually.
You know one of those hoof and horn chews.
Which there's nothing in them, there's noth, not fattening or anything.
I mean I never have given my dogs chocolates or anything like that, a lot of people do.
Yes, oh yes.
Yes, got to keep your insides in motion we have darling.
I remember she was, she was ever so adamant about that.
Yes.
Yes.
And he tells you when he wants to go, or is it regular times of the day?.
Yeah.
Good.
Good, so it's forming into a proper form.
Proper shape.
But it's sliding with the, the liquid paraffin.
Good, good, if it's forming properly that's a good sign is n't it of health, always.
Yes.
Depressed,.
yes.
Oh that's good, that means, that means their anal passage and his rectum were in the right shape again.
Oh I'm so glad.
Oh I hope so, but still not out of the woods yet.
Mm.
Mm, mm.
Well remember I'm usually around, if I'm not there.
the first time you ring, I'm usually only out long enough to walk the dog and do some shopping.
so do n't hesitate to call if you get worried about him or.
You know if he starts throwing up or well you, you think he seems he looks as if he's in pain or something.

Yeah.
Of course.
well that's the only way he can see out the window.
he likes to watch does n't he?
I often see him watching as I go by.
Yeah.
So she gave him more liquid paraffin did she?
Yes, it's easy enough to get it get the empty bottle and.
I suppose.
I suppose it's the same strength where ever you buy it.
Yeah.
You've got someone to take you Thursday?
Well the stitches are pulling where they're, where they're trying to heal of course, they're pulling.
That's why he's licking cos it must itch like made.

What a good boy, I would of thought she'd have put something on it, put some ointment on to stop it itching.
I use Savlon ointment on any, any of mine.

That's what I used on Rocket's tummy, when he done, got that had a G two cortezone bathed him with Savlon.
warm water, and then put Savlon cream on it, vet said you could n't have done any better, cos he gave him an antidote, before I new what it was I would have given him funny itching rash that was making the poor soul.
itch and.
Oh yes,.
oh yes, yes.
Well I shall leave you to get on with it, go and put my washing out and go and unload my shopping.
More Christmas shopping.
yesterday, Dinda saved some of her holiday.
so she had Friday and Monday off, of course I had Keith at home on Friday with his poor back.
Erm, well it's still there a bit, but it's not, it's not too bad, he's moving around more easily now.
But after all I mean, he's put in new plumbing, he's put in a new boiler, all the plumbing, he did n't pull his muscles at all, he went to pick a light carton out of the back of a car, twisted his.
yeah, bottom of his spine.
Mm, you can do it so, the worst one I ever did was just filling a kettle of water and turning round to put it on the, on the cooker.
Yeah, and I came, for three weeks I was coming down stairs on my bottom like a toddler, I could n't go from.
one step to another and the hospital, the hospital and I went up to Maidenhead hospital and they said do n't stretch, do n't bend, do n't lift, do n't carry and I said thank you I've got a school girl, a toddler and a new baby, and I did n't bother to go back any more.

Yes,.
I had n't got much, I mean if you go privately.
She's the physiotherapist.
She's do it, just planned the corner, in the new houses on, erm, oh what's the name of it?
No the other, where the donkey's used to be in the fields, you know, all those churched like houses.
Templux Close,.
she used to be in their Templux.
She's marvellous, and Debbie put her back out once, I phoned her and she was here in about three minutes.
six discs, click, click, click, click, click.
Debbie had called at the doctor on her the way back and the doctor had said I ca n't see anything wrong with your spine.
when she came in absolutely like this, I thought, I'll leave you while you answer the phone.
No, no, no, no, no.
Well if you need any thing.
give me a bell I'll sha n't, I'll sha n't be out for long.

No leave her.
She may not want you.
She may not want you Rocket.
Come on.
Come on.
She's lovely is n't she?
Ah!
Oh yes you.
Yeah you told me he was having a bit of trouble.
Course they see with their noses a lot do n't they?
He's a beautiful beautiful feathering.
oh yes.
Well he looks so elegant.
As long as you can cope with the brushing and combing.
I mean he looks elegant does n't he?
He's a blue roan is n't he?
Beautiful.
I think he's gorgeous with that little fringe along his side.
I love it.
Yes, yes.
I love it.
And his britches too.
I've never seen one quite so rich.
As that.
Oh yes.
Yes.
I usually come around this time.
There's usually some, some mums who are meeting the school and and walking dogs at the same time.
Oh yes.
That's it.
Yes.
And very chill.
Bit raw today is n't it?
It's colder than it was this morning I think.
Yes.
Well I did n't have the heating on after it had gone off at nine o'clock you know.
But er before I came out I switched it on cos I'm not coming back to a cold house.
You go through the meadow.
Bye bye.
We've done the meadow.
Come on Rocket.
Come on, you've done the meadow.
Rock!

He ca n't because one of his favourite programmes is on.
You feel it was worth the effort going do you Dinda?
You feel more relaxed in your mind now?
Well you feel more confident with the Cos you, you have improved your posture.
Well it must have been hurting you to make you do that.
You were n't huddling because of the trying to ease the pain a bit?
Oh.
almonds.
There's everything in this pie, there's almonds.
Yeah?
Well I had to have something to perk it up and vegetables are getting a bit iffy at this time of year.
I could have courgette and and aubergine.
There's celery and onion and leek.
And nuts.
There's more out there in the kitchen.
Go and get half of it.
I like it better with not so much ginger I think.
I like it better with not quite so much ginger as last week.
Cos I remembered the.
the garlic.
Really?
Yes yes.
It's a good thing.
Perhaps the shops'll make it easier for us now.
More stuff available.
You've got Solihull in Surrey.
That's right.
Yes.
and bred in Berkshire.
Your is in Berkshire.
Your is in Berkshire.
Berkshire.
Berkshire.
You're quite right.
I beg your pardon.
Yes.
Mm.
That's right.
We were in just over the border.
But postal wise we were in Maidenhead Berkshire.
But for the rates and the schools we were Buckinghamshire.
We're not in Surrey.
We're in Berkshire.
No we're in Berkshire.
This is not true.
We are in the postal in Surrey.
Quite right.
Big words coming out now.

No thank you dear.
Yes.
You have n't had much filling stuff have you?
Well will you have a slice of low fat cheese?
Slimmers cheese.
and you have n't eaten that much and a vegetarian pie is n't.
Well I know it's got potatoes but it's not that filling.
And there's only fruit you see for afters.
Mhm.
About two hours preparation for about ten minutes eating.
About two hours preparation for ten minutes eating.
That's true.
Very true.
You do n't ever keep the pineapple juice?
Only orange.
Not much call for it.
Yes.
One white.
Oh.
You do n't need two I suppose?
Thank you very much.
Not as cold not as cold yet as I thought it was going to be.
Well yesterday I thought it was.
Yes.
Get them Rock.
Rocket.
Rock.
Rocket.
Hello baby.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello darling.
Come and say hello.
There's a love.
Ca n't be left out can she?
And bouncy there gets all the fuss does n't she because she's so she's so full of life.
But your an old love.
Look at her.
Oh she.
That's right.
Yes.
Well I'll have to have it if I want to throw it.
She wants you to chase her.
I ca n't chase you I'm far too old.
Ha got it.
Yes.
Are you limping?
Ooh.
Cold?
A chill?
Oh that's rough.
I'll squeeze your paws.
I will.
I'll squeeze your paws.
Have you strained?
Oh.
Yes.
Finds your weakest spots does n't it?
Are n't you?
Yes.
I used to do, well I, I still do all, all the gardening that gets done.
I used to spend hours gardening.
No.
No you do n't.
I do n't do so much now.
I'm more a fair weather gardener.
That's impossible round here.
Oh I can imagine.
Yes.
Yes.
It's funny whichever way the wind blows my back door and my front door both get covered with leaves.
It's magic.
Yes.
Never happens like that though does it?
Oh that's.
That's right.
Yes.
Oh yes there are.
I saw a gadget the other day in a magazine.
It was just like two dustbin lids.
Pick up a heap of leaves at one point.
I thought well you could use dustbin lids instead of sending of ten pounds to get two of their pieces of.
Yes.
Yes.
I do.
Yes.
And you can hold them with a with a brush or the broom.
Yeah.
Yes.
That's a good idea.
It's hard work.
You ca n't move.
No I find the best thing for snow cos we've got an eight car driveway so you can imagine how much.
snow I have to shift.
I get a thin, long board and use that.
As long as the board itself is n't too heavy.
Yes.
Well I get a board about here and just walk and push.
I know.
A gentleman stopped me as I was coming back and he said do you own a white Austin Metro.
And it's funny because the last car that I saw the fellow's from I saw the fellow's who did it.
And got their car number.
Yes.
And the police came and interviewed me about it.
That was a white Austin Metro.
Do n't think it's the same young woman.
He said oh the car's been broken into.
Oh no.
Yeah.
That's what I always think.
I look for the dog or the jogging suit and if they have n't got a dog or a jogging suit I think what are they up to?
Yes.
Yes?
That's useful for breaking into things is n't it?
No it's odd.
Did n't you tell the police?
You should give them a ring and tell them if you saw a strange man.
Well he would if you were waiting around here.
Of course you look as though.
Yes.
perhaps.
Mm.
Yes.
neat haircuts?
Good for you.
Mm.
You should have told you should have told the police.
Any car number you can.
No.
But any car number you can get if they're acting suspiciously please tell them.
That's what they keep telling me.
Because they came and interviewed me.
If you see anything suspicious.
The last time I phoned up I said the bicycle that was hidden in the bushes.
Obviously been stolen.
Down there that erm Davey and I found together.
His dog erm found it, you know Sam?
Erm next day it was still there although he'd phoned the police.
So I phoned them up in the afternoon and I said the bicycle that my friend Mr reported yesterday afternoon is still in the bushes.
I said and I have a feeling that there was somebody there watching me I could feel it.
I said and as I came back up what I call the straight path parallel with the road there were two men loitering in the bushes against the car park.
Both very well dressed.
Jeans, but clean and spruce and I said I have a feeling they could have been police.
And he burst out laughing and said you're quite right madam, they were police.
No.
But there's one I thought how stupid.
It's alright to park erm a non police car but there was a policeman actually sitting in the car while two of them loitered in there.
They were obviously staking out the place.
But while there's a man sitting respectably in a car no-one's gon na break into the other cars.
Not if they're witnessed, are they?
So the other police should have gone into the other should have gone away somewhere.
And yet you feel uneasy?
Yes.
Yeah.
I'm like you.
Yes.
Oh you should give the police that number.
Just to be on the safe side.
Oh what a shame.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Oh yes.
But the police would much rather you told them when there's no.
nothing to be nothing wrong with it than that you did n't tell them and there might be something wrong with it.
The young, the young officer who came to me he said of course we're so glad you got the number, you're quite right it's a car that's been doing the same thing in Wokingham.
We only know that they live somewhere in the Wokingham area.
It's lads who earn their living at this.
They go from car park to car park.
He said er but of course the thing is they do n't expect elderly ladies to notice their car numbers and remember them.
Now I may not remember always the make first glance off unless I look at it.
But this was an eastern European car so they did n't expect me to know the make.
But I do remember numbers.
And I scratched it on there to make sure that I did n't forget it.
And as soon as I got home I wrote it down.
I put it on there with my key.
or whatever it was.
It's probably still there now.
It is it's still there.
. It's still there.
Like a B M X bike I expect.
Mm.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes good idea.
Yes.
Cos you'd written it down.
If you had n't written it down you would n't have.
You should have told the police they'd have been interested.
Cos you see I said why, why ca n't you trace the car?
I mean the number's quite, I said you, you reaffirmed that the number was the same one that had been doing the same thing in, in Wokingham.
He said the car belonged to an elderly lady in Wokingham.
We've traced it that far.
She had sold it and she had n't told the erm Swansea people, you know?
The vehicle licensing people.
It's so easy to just write the slip and say I've sold my car to mister so and so.
I always do it.
Erm and then that person she'd sold it to she knew their address.
They went to him and he had sold it as well and they could n't.
And it had n't been registered.
Exactly.
It had n't been registered so they'd got, the police have got no way of tracing it.
Except keep driving round Wokingham looking for it.
Yes.
Yeah.
It was good was n't it?
That's right.
And the previous owner and the previous owner.
Yes.
They've got everything on computers now and it does n't work half the time does it?
Yeah too true.
Yes.
Oh yes.
Yes.
With a mind of it's own.
An intelligence.
Yes.
It is is n't it?
Well.
I love your accent.
Where do you come from?
I would n't do n't hear any London.
Devonshire?
Yes.
That's what it is.
Well I can hear it.
It's a lovely soft soft accent.
Yes.
Yes.
Oh.
My youngest daughter's there now.
Plymouth.
Well outside of Plymouth.
Little village.
Yeah it's lovely is n't it?
Yes?
I can, I can hear it softly.
It's beautiful.
I like it.
I hate London.
Oh I.
two of them though.
Well that's hope.
Oh yeah.

Probably hard.


, take a man with a woman to see some part of.

Or, or a, eh, the nearest they'll.
Yes, yes of course.
Oh lovely.


Hello you've dropped a negative do n't think it matters.
Must remember to take back.


I put that there so you do n't go without.

It goes does n't it?
Yes it's so.
I think I was just,.
just starting the film,.
that was my birthday camera.
I think I was just getting a film.
, he's a beautiful cock bird and he's big and he's typically black bird and his black tail and his bright orange beak.
he's got two.
, and I called to Dinda one day look, gosh yeah trying and get a shot of him on a camera, she said I would too, she said try it from upstairs in my bedroom.
I tried I saw him one day on, I crept up in my and I took it out of the window and all I've got is the.
I did, so I was creeping up like this.
They can see movement behind the window pane glass.
He was feeding so happy, beautifully I'm hoping it, I do n't feel, Magpie of mine,.

, oh you can have a.
I've not seen one.
What, what and in my garden I have a.
Oh Rose is.
When they're sitting in the middle of road there, I stop, I stop the car and I sometimes they'll sit up and look at you.
and you have to wait.
Yeah.
Say why, what have erm, I think.
That's right.


I do n't ever remember seeing, but there was we were n't allowed to have hair down, was you?,.
we had to have ours clipped or, or tied back.
Yeah.
Oh yes or have it slide tied, you were n't allowed to have hair that's not.
And I was always saying to the girls at school for heavens sake keep your hair back, it's only bunches, whatever, back when they was younger they always had plait or bunches,.
But when they got older you know.
You ca n't tell a.
I had it all chopped off.
I think it does comes home every night.
No, her hair.

She's put on weight round here.
if you look at the picture of her.
Yeah.

Than long hair.

that's a good one.
Yes, yes,.


You could give him a book token let him do his own.
For a few hours.
Do you think that's true?
It's pleasure of going around.



The only thing you can do is.

I get.


shirts even if they're only Marks amp; Sparks.
if he wears a long sleeve shirt, as soon as he takes his jacket off, he wo n't go around with his shirt.
roll his sleeves up.
Even,.
We.
I mean it could be a bottle of Gin.

When he saw the.
and he said you're.
Yes.
But he wo n't eat the meat with potatoes.
the only time he has meat he has to have green salad or maybe a raw vegetable salad.
But I mean, yeah, yeah.
he ca n't.

I do n't think it's gon na work, I.
But did n't see it on the telly, only saw it on the.
Oh no, interest.
Why do you think it wo n't work?
Oh, that's.
My are like that, going from the.
Have you tried it?
Oh.
Yeah, it.
oh it, they showed you pictures of things coming out the squares.

Yeah, a blade.
What's that then? plate, oh I do n't.
She could use that without putting.
Got to.
But I ca n't see any thing here.
Push.

The fact that you've come to the end of the the.
But why, chop.
No.
Aha.
I think that's why the, it looks like it.
I I think brass is.
I was a bit disappointed.
Well.

Yes.
Yeah, somebody else.
What did you say.
I thought, I thought it's.
,.
Great.
,.



Now I'll put the kettle on.
Something special, we had n't seen any thing.
and erm, it's that, extraordinary you wo n't be able to see them.
all these are white, like, and I could n't make.
All through the year incredible.
Eh, eh, pointed it out, the leaves were so good, have n't got the.
No, there was.
Mm That was where I was trying to get the blackbirds.
Quite dark.
Right were the black bird is, there, I focused from him and.
No, he did n't he stayed there.
I kept waiting for him to turn his head, so it, get, one properly.

You ca n't stop flashing because it.
Dinda can over ride hers, with her.
with her very posh camera.
Puts, but she knew that if she'd bought me one with all those buttons, I'd off just confused her.
I'm not very technically minded.
I did, I did.
talking about electro magnetic waves how the Russian could, try and to use electro magnet magnetic waves to make a.
so that the upper atmosphere would be intensified in density.
and if they could do it time.
then they knew when a missile was coming in.
instead of a missile coming in withstanding two thousand degree centigrade.
, and then it make it down to make it two thousand centigrade.
Yes.
Yes, well done.
Obviously it's a lot.
Sounds discouraging if that's how were going to wipe ourselves out.
We ought to really, although I said we'll leave them a lot of behind than the dinosaurs.
Mm, yeah.
I know that motor mechanics.
They said you I said yes.
Oh yes, Iris that's nice.
I must come in and get on with it.
Then Joan can give it to you.
Look I'll give that to Joan and Joan can give it to you, watch it, you do n't steel, no, no, you do n't take things, you wait till it's given to you, no I'm watching you do n't you dare beg at me, do n't you dare, do n't you dare, wait for Joan to give it to you.
You have to throw it.
You have to.

I feel ever so sorry for them though.



Small sugar, very small sugar, little drop of milk.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Shall I get a plate of biscuits?


What you want?
Yes.
Yes.
not spending so much on the beer.

You getting through that in two days?
One evening.
Oh.
But does he look alright still?
Is he beginning to look haggard or anything?
Oh yes.
Yes, and he goes arriving he's only got Frances then James and that I'm sure is.
Hold them on with your, I'm sure that's not.
I'm sure if you work on.
Yeah, they're nice are n't they?
Yeah.
Yes.
Did, did you give a.
Did it, did it have, does it have to be a, a.
What?
The thing that, you see I was going to send off for a pair of gloves cos I ca n't find my thermal, but when I looked on and saw all the bits and bobs of paper that come, there was n't erm, little slip you get with a pound off, for postage and packing, which I've been getting recently have n't you? for erm.
I mean about, what, recently I've been getting it for ages and this time it was n't there, and I, and I thought to myself dam it I'm not going.
That's what I got.
I do n't bother with these you ca n't drive in them.
and I thought I'm not gon na pay a pound postage.
I'm not gon na pay a pound postage for erm, a pair of gloves that cost five ninety nine.
, so I do n't know whether they've stopped doing it, they have n't said any thing.
I mean several times I've bought things from them, there's stately homes, they do the same thing, do n't they?
And the, several times I've bought picture of them particularly because I have n't had to pay the postage,.
postage.
Sometimes you see, I quite often oh I like that and that, beautiful things for the house or.
maybe for the kids, and then I see add, I see at the bottom add two pounds fifty, yeah, and I think to myself no, no way, postage and packing.
if it's big and it looks worth it, but for a pair of gloves to pay a pound postage, er, er, you know.
I got, do n't know if they stop doing it altogether now, I really do n't know what erm, you see, I've got an old one, but it says on it on the voucher it's not trans none transferable.
Do they mean none transferable from person to person or from book to book, erm, for everything it does n't say and if they know, both of them stopped sending out those.
stupid reason, if you do n't send them enough money, you have a cheque and use your Barclay card number.
Then I make sure I put enough money on the barclay card the day after it arrives.
send a cheque which can get nicked, send the barclay card number, then pay it off.
Does your.
But you still right on your.
Yes, what's, what's happened if we were at Sandhurst Auction it would go to Reading and then be re-directed to Aldershot and then.

send you these things, I go in for all the competitions and I never put a stamp on the envelope unless I'm ordering something.


Oh.
That's right.
, I've got a grey duffel coat and I've got short grey boots,.
I wanted grey trousers.
or maroon which I've got.
or black.
Mind you, they, they all erm, the grey maybe erm,.
they all sort of match in.
Going slow, I do n't know.
I'm glad, I'm glad I remembered to ask you, and erm, you did n't get one either.
Yeah, so do I, I sound awful cos Peggy and I.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
I, I, I, think it's a good idea, I really do.
We do n't, we, I do n't even know where Penny want's to be buried.
make sure Keith our want's to be cremated.
and have his ashes scattered from his aeroplane, by his self.
Oh dear.
The other morning, earlier on in the week, the phone rings quarter too six, you know, it takes a while does n't it before you realise what it is?
and any way went down and answer it and I could hear him talking, erm, you remember he bought this aeroplane back from Americ erm from Australia, this one of and it was Australian Air Force one that he had on Australian's, erm came back and stayed in England for a little while and then he went back to Australia, just killed himself.
Told me land and nobody, and a passenger, whether he was driving it or the passenger I do n't know.
No he was, he was but he was quite high up in the Royal Australian Air Force and having today which must have been in the middle of the night because Thursday, bit behind are n't they Australian's?
A big erm, funnily enough, although three of the other chaps that were involved in, erm, one of them really upset me cos they run up together, he was navigator on together.
I mean he was a super chap, really lovely chap, ever so nice.
Yeah.
, every time a pilot get's killed they have a pilot count their hours and.
The best trip Paddy had ever done like that, because they were such a lovely bunch.
but erm,.
all of a sudden saying something about it out of the blue, you know, and.
I'll be glad when he's got his.
No, he's being buried today, I think it must of happened last Friday, or something like that.
Yes, yes, yeah, it's funny.
Yeah,.
Is this.
teeth away.
Mm.
Said it got broke,.
When he answered the phone, lot of,.
I said if you do n't get any satisfaction come and see.

never satisfied with it, the dentist that I have,.
He looks so young to me.
I had a baby there you see.
I was recommended to go to this lady who's Irish and then she's gone back,, and I've never, I mean, the examination was quick and painless he said, but just keep an eye on that double on there, erm, there's a little tiny crack in it.
your age probably.
We'll just give them a scale and polish, I said oh with this, you know,.
and all this scrapping and burning your tongue or catching your l lip of something.
, it's all done with some sort of ultra sound thing.

It's incredible.
And Dinda said she needed a filling, a re-filling actually and she said it's the first that she's been to a dentist that she could remember that she did n't notice the needle coming in, part she hates is the needle in the gum.
Mm, mm.

Well I have told him, I said to him he is, he is.
awful with he's big and strong, that's why I always like gynaecologists who are fairly well built.
they do n't have to exert any strength, therefore they're much more gentle.
I think it's more, sort of.
That's right.
he must be knocking thirties that.
Yeah.
Yes.

weekend.
You know that Dinda and I booked college, in June.
that is so popular.
it's so, all these horses and the beautiful.
balcony, the organised is worthy of the Albert Hall.
choir is beautiful, the candles being light it, it really is,.
and it's a beautiful chapel of course.
So Sunday.
and service is their was really to get, to make sure we could park and get in.
we need to be there by half past six.
we could of phone up, what two.
Erm, and feeling there was it must of been he said today I've cooked Sunday lunch and erm, she ate half of it and I thought then she finished it.
She did n't, she did n't throw up or anything, she said, no, no, she she still, said she gets, that's where she wants, start doing everything for Christmas and after half.
an hour she suddenly oh.
two and a half..
She's lucky to have a doctor who just says bed rest and signs a sick note and.

I've got all sorts of people on.
Oh yes, we'd check them, erm I have n't got any this Sunday, Lisa Marie that's his eldest daughter by his first wife.
this Sunday.
And I said oh that's right, he said and I, I'd come up and see her the first we'll either take her out for a drink afterwards, I thought that does n't seemed to mix in one glass, and I going to a pub because she's, but there you are, and she so's erm, can I bet you'll stay a bit, she said oh, I think December is your like it to be, well obviously it's getting him settled you must n't over, she must off pushed him and then he's said erm, I, I've told mum and dad that if they want to go as well, they can go.
told mum and dad they if that's alright, what can you say when he's already told mum and dad, that were waiting.
But I had to say I'm sorry Richard, and he said you're very welcome to come to the service.
but I thought to myself, thirty youngest being concerned in one big go, every, one of them would have at least four.
people, parents or.
brother's and sister's and parents,.
I must have one Sunday in the year when we have Sunday lunch at mid-day and not in the evening, because, you know I get to carol services on And he said oh that's alright, mum and dad eat mid-day anyway so they only want, erm, they only want biscuits and cake and maybe a bit of bread and butter what can you do?
Would make a,.
I mean he's such a good son in law to me, he really is, I mean he, he, he'll help Pete with any thing, especially when they lived here, he'll help Peter with any thing and erm, he's very, very good to Deb, he get's in after a days work, he does the shopping and housework, look's after the cats which he does n't particularly like.

cooks the family because she ca n't really, her stomach is strong enough.
I've read somewhere a long while ago, there was some sort of warning and I ca n't remember the details you know.
Oh, I read it as a warning.
Perhaps they've changed their minds again, it's always, there's, they've got to frighten you all the time with sometime like that have n't they?

Saves a lot of.
I think there's something.
Yeah, yeah, make sure you.
cats and dogs being in the country there, were always about, the cat starts to go out just the same as the dogs did, they did n't and they did n't, even when we inherited that old, old tom cat in Sussex, he stayed with us and he, he mangy old thing was n't he, in one of the stables never accursed to me to.
This cat had kittens which one of the cats she looked after them, I think my mother changed the lining.
in the box where the kittens were.
Oh.
teaching the dog to do his business indoors.
Let the mother's clean up the baby and then, then teach them how to go outside and then the bitch will with her puppies.
I know, I know Brian would n't at least three but, and this, and this was n't really big enough and they use two side by side, whenever they were late or away for a weekend I took over and see to the cats feed, they were sweet erm used to come on the porch and meow at me, it's my dinner time, come on, just get not time yet, used to come to the porch, and tell me, they used to know when I was n't coming home, how do they do it?
Mum was n't coming so she'd come and fetch me.
But the two little trays in the middle of that beautifully re-furbished kitchen with every mod con, the whole of the floor was taken up with sheets of news papers, two big litter trays and a sack full of.
The only job I did n't thank god I'm not three of them.
in and out all day.
so many trees and woods and things.
One of them a bit off colour or, you know, had n't been trained.
No, no, I said to Richard is, is, Debbie not feeling well enough to come here, no I took her for a little ride round the.
The devil lane's have all got those.
Lady.
That's alright, that's ok were in the garden.

Almost the same colour when you first.
You have n't got a.
You think, you do n't.
Everybody's got to try.
Yeah, yeah, cos our, our be inclined to leave something on the front door step and go.
it's a sign of.

Oh I've got a tuna sandwich for lunch.
I'm not supposed to be eating very much for lunch so.
And I have got a little desert,..
Thank you for the whip.
The whip.
Thank you dear, lovely.
Yes, yes, he was a poor little sole all the way through was n't, but, erm, she does n't sort of tell you much about the good times at the end.
which was.
Try to pass it on to you.
Yes, we, we got one as well right now, he said do n't put a date on it because I've got.
I said er you might put housewife or you might put market researcher down, he said whatever you like so that's that one..
I get me pen.
No, no,.
I think, I do n't think it's.
I have done it.
I've done it and I've sent it off No.
It's the lens is n't it?
The tow, it's the, the town is, do you want me to tell you?
It's.
And the town it's, oh yes, e, y, e, is the town.

Actually I looked up in all my reference books.
If I'd tried I'd of said yes.
I,.
I think that's why, I think.
I did n't either I must of.
Do n't know why it in there Oh another.
I remember the town of Ayr.
Yes.
I remember somewhere, you do n't hear of them.
I did it so quickly, all the rest, I thought with The Times crossword, I'm, I whooping through this like mad.
And I sat and last week it was something down here.
Have you finished yours now?
Oh you never know you might win that, I only want to win it cos.
John or Bob?

. That's something is n't it?
He's then.
He's funny is n't he, he's no interest in settling having a family of his own.
the, the fellow who's her favourite at work, she said he's a, a lovely fellow, he solves everybody's problems, anybody who's got a problem with work or family or anything always asks to see Phil, he's gay.
It's ever such a big place it's huge.
Yes.
Strange.
He's a very nice man.
I said to Dinda well there's no reason why you should n't go out for a drink with him or.
or a disco or something.
Erm she said well perhaps his boy friend would n't like it.
Oh.
See that's what you usually get in these things, thing to send them back if they're not suitable.
Shelve dividers, that's what he'll want.
Yes, keep his socks out of Dinda's knickers.
I used to have a piece of cardboard up there shelve dividers sounded like a good idea.
It was n't, it was n't bad either because they're only four ninety nine.
one set, I think there's four in a set.
Curiosity.
curiosity shop, looking like big letters at the top.
but that, that is.
I said for heaven sake girls, not only trying to cut down on the expensive just because obviously trying to start up on their own.
and erm, Debbie and Richard with a prospect of another family on the way, as it, every year we say we'll cut down and every year it seems to get out of hand.
and I said the other thing to cut down on, I know it's a beautiful around the tree to have all these fantastic wrapping papers and.
bows and ribbons and, and.
erm the crisped coloured.
ribbons and things.
Oh but it's they go straight into a the bin.
to be burned or, I do n't mind so much if it's recycled I think why do n't we all agree to use recycled paper.
this year, at least were saving some of the trees then.
Oh what a good idea.
I've got a load of it.
Got a load of it, still upstairs from last year,.
Well usually I do n't buy enough, so then I go out and buy another package of it,.
and that is too much.
so have I.

Yes I've done it, I've ordered, ordered it from Katie, bunch of spring flowers, I know she loves flowers, and, and it'll, it'll give some not very big are they?
Mm, shelve divider, slide that on the bottom of the shelve.
It could do with being that long for my airing cupboard.
and the towels do n't shall keep bath towels on the right and.
on the left.
But this, Dinda's underwear is so flimsy, bras, and pants and ankle socks and nylon, then, minuet space for airing off my bras, usually tuck them behind the pipes so they do n't get mixed up with but Keith's see rummages through the socks and underwear.
Mm.
Oh of course I could.
Except we've got, we've got, fish net nylon stuff over the bottom because otherwise things kept falling through.
I used to have tea towels laid across the bottom keep them right.
, so he left it all open and I kept finding rolled up socks and of course there's in the bottom of the airing cupboard where the tank is, and to pick them up and give them a shake and put them back again.
Mm.
Not nice fat rolls like I usually get, he'll just have to make do with this wo n't he?
That's one of these.
It's a good selling postage and packaging,.
they still leave you room to put it on the bottom of the thing and I just scrubbed that.
Mind you I think if you sent it without any postage and packaging charges I'm pretty sure that they would er, they would send you the goods because they would n't want to loose a good customer.

I've got a card holder as well, and I can never find my card holder.
when I want it.
Yes, this can go on the wall.
It's rather pretty look, snowman all doing things.
It's a big.

Oh and the dust, yeah.
And the dog jumps and wags his tail and then.
Christmas cards go flying I did take a picture of all my birthday cards,.
and Debbie's flowers.
I do n't think much of the packaging paper.
No I really got it for the er card holder.
it's two ninety nine.
Not wrapped packed.
was it the card holder one pound fifty.
quite a lot there, but it is n't the sort of paper we normally use you see, we normally use that shiny paper.
Yeah.
Oh it does hurt me to see how much the girls have spent on Christmas wrapping paper.
and it's all crumpled up shoved into an empty box or an empty bag.
oh yes, keep it as a birthday present, yes, yes,.
Oh I ca n't bear to throw those sticky bows away, when they're not, they're not.
Yes.
I do, I do.
Use it on the boxes with labels as well, oh it's not bad, it's not bad, have got a shiny finish.
If you get it too cheap.
and you're packing a book the corners will come through.
Oh that's not bad at all.
oh that's pretty.
I think they're pheasants.
tail feathers.
peacocks.
Great big.
Hippopotamus.

paint brushes.
Yes,.
yes.
, I have n't heard of for ages.
Do you ever hear from her?
Reading?
Oh, Reading you see, I think of Reading, Berkshire.
Oh no, you did n't tell me.
No.
No, that would of stuck in my mind.
She moved down to Reading?
Yeah.
She must of got a grant.
Yes.
Which is reasonable is n't it?
Mm, mm.
She should do what Dinda done, I mean Dinda went to evening school for her computer.
A Level while she was working during the day.
Paid for her to help.
It's terrible.
Would n't she of done better to take erm a six month's course in secretarial skills?
Yes, yes.
Exactly,.
it opens the door, it opens the door, that's why both my younger girls, I mean Diane's a different policy any way cos she wants to be a, but with the other two, who worked interest in computers and when they left college I gave them crash course in, in typing not in shorthand because they do n't they do n't need shorthand nowadays,.
but I find it useful.
Yes, yes, that's right, they use, yeah, but I insisted that it were open doors for you as jobs were so hard to get, I said it were open doors for you and it did it helped them both.
Once you're keyboard,.
keyboard something.
you've got a keyboard skill and they, they can teach you.
these word processors and.
Oh yeah, oh you talk to him?
I think I.
Last I heard she was living with her for.
That's it.
But I mean, a lot of people do n't glorify on the jobs they do, I mean Dinda she said you know, it's awful being the one who's getting all the all day long, kind of explained and help them with their problems, sympathise with, with something that does n't work she'd much rather be outdoors than being a or looking after, but she said you know, it's, it's a secure job and these days I think well I'm not I run my own car and they do n't really think that.
Think she's absolutely, recession on, so many people.
all day long I'm getting phone call from.
Erm.
No.
I know it's one of the last things I'd would.
Mm.
Having been through the spate of using a clapped out vacuum cleaner that did n't do its job, and how different it is now.
that I've got one that works.
Yeah.

I did n't get a vacuum cleaner.
Yes, yes.
Yes.
Did n't have a fridge.
Not until after we.
moved to Maidenhead.
Remember my washing machine where I used to turn the handle at the top, heat it up with gas.
and if I'd got something big and heavy you used to say to me bring it down and put it in my big machine.
I used to bring down quilts and my machine was n't big enough and in any case I could n't possibly lift them once they were.
full of water.
Mm.
Do n't they, do n't they have.
One side,.
yeah.
Really.
That seems rather something heavy.
Yes.
But I often look back and think well if was the girls who insisted that it's time mum had a proper automatic washing machine.
and then only had it four years, but I used to it was, it's such a waste that washing machine, I think maybe I've done a few shirts hand washing and all the water, whereas in the twin tub I'd of done the light weights, heated the water up done the shirts and, erm, got the put in, maybe towels and then I'd put, re-heat the water if, if it was n't really soiled and I could do either all the dogs stuff or, or my dusters.
and then after that you've got all the water left and it cleaned the sink as you as the pump pumped it out, you could go quickly with a brush round the sink and suds cleaned all the sink for you, or you could with your pail.
Oh yes, I used to save it for the garden too.
Now, now, with it, the one thing in that's it, and all the water's wasted, you ca n't re-use it for anything.
I suppose I could if I could pull the machine out and were, were the pipe goes over into the waste I mean people do that in the Isle of Wight are n't they, were they've got to, need to.
they unhook their washing machine.
and they put it into a, a an old bath or anything.
an old tank yeah, so that they can save the water and use it for other things.
once he said girls I will get your mother a proper washing machine, I agree she should n't move the heavy towels garden.
pinks.
I think I've seen him, I have n't.
Abu Dabi was the place I was trying to think of I knew it was a funny name.
that's where he used to go out there the first one started in December.
All he has to do Abu Dabi.
London Airport where he has to.
Paddy has never had any body aboard the S E one eleven with a video camera has he?.
Well, for Pete, I saw it advertised it's a pilot or whatever erm videos.
thirty pounds.
it's a two hour video with a it takes you through landing at Liverpool and somewhere else and studying.
Mm, all the take offs and.
all the checks.
And I thought Pete will love this.
He's actually done it with Paddy.
and I thought I wonder if somebody will ask, you know Paddy.
Paddy was actually flying the aeroplane that did it, cos he's landing and take off was so impeccable and he's training.
Well exactly, but he trains other, other pilots on them first, thought they might of.
, yes.
Maybe they've taken it from that video.
Yes.
The backward countries have got more aeroplanes that we have.
Huh.

One that queen use, they'd love that.
She.
I.
Yes,.
Ca n't believe it.
it seems so big and impregnable.
Oh.
Oh me, I would of thought more and more people would fly rather rather than perhaps the business men are n't, looking over the old New Jersey, or New Walkie something like that, a veteran.
Ca n't think why and I ca n't think why they should think they must n't go on Pan Am cos Pan Am are a target.
any American airlines.
any British airlines could be a target.

should know.
coats sitting on you?
I said look, Joan's had her eye on she does n't smoke, Paddy does n't smoke pipe on a chair.
Certainly give them, yeah and I said Joan will tell you not only does her but the table that he sits on and the wall around it,.
absolutely filthy, oh I ca n't be like it, I said she did n't ground it just dirt.
from the dog running and the vacuum cleaner.
I said that's what it's for, yeah, yeah.
Yes.
their light.
Oh if any one can fair enough.
Oh television attracts dust any way does n't it?

Takes forever, takes him forever.
Oh yes, that's right.
I've got some of that down at Cambridge, got more control.
and it's very hard to push any way.
this one it just comes out like soft rubber.
and you just fill in the gaps.
Mm.
Yes.
It does smell does n't it?
Mm.
oh dear.

Really.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah You ready for your lunch?
Oh yawning.
The make you, sort of what were doing when making another member of staff, so there's a going on full time having free coffee like Dinda did, much change it to be, but I mean it's just there for free, all day every day, she's now ten penny piece in, they get a card, get a little pin pricked on, every time they used it up to twenty they get twenty cups of coffee on its card.
no, they loose it so of course they have to go and buy another card.
Every time I do the laundry I bet there's a coffee machine card in there, shirt pocket, there's two there this morning.
seventeen thousand pounds if he gave them a free cup of coffee.
So he was given them coffee.
I could n't understand it either.
To charge him I mean, somebody gets a company car.
the tax man charges him, who is, who's got the use of the company car.
does n't charge the boss.
Well I think expenses I'd should imagine that's written off against it.
But it seems to me it's the person, people drinking the coffee who are getting the perk, therefore they should have twenty pounds a year added for free coffee providers.
worth twenty pounds a year or whatever it is worth.
So he, that was definite, yeah.
Perhaps now they're not doing it then.
Well imagine what Panasonic are going to own.
giving out those great big blocks of, all getting as much as.
Oh I.
Mm.
Yes, and he had n't even earned that had he?
, yeah.

Yeah.
Yeah, but the D S S must have it,.

For his firm.
At least it's got an end now with the others if he's on the film company, he's got an end now has n't he now he's got.


Yeah.
No, no.
Oh yes, oh not half.
not half.
he ca n't tell them how much it is?
Oh well that signature for it every time and it goes on his file every one has a file.
Huh.
He did n't get very much.
It seems that they chase somebody like John who, at the outside may end up after five years owing them perhaps a hundred to two hundred pounds.
and yet people like the Maxwell board.
millions involved and other people who are running dodgy companies.
going bankrupt and then starting up another company in another name.
which I do n't think should be allowed, go right themselves off and leave lots of people that they owe money to and ca n't get it, they get threatened.
in the or something, it's some of them are all over again, start them off of course.
Oh the people that took over the.
Ever such a charming family, green grocers nice enough people they have next door.
he said and I got on very well with them, have a chat and I used to help them when they came in they were West Indians which gave everybody a bit of a shock when running a local Spa.
, but erm, and I notice that quite often the shelves would be half empty, came here, I would stop on the way back from the school the bank and the butcher's and the paper shop over the road I could come in quarter to nine and I'm, you know, I, I was done and I said to my Arnold they're not going to sell much unless they put some money into filling the shelves surely Spa will back them, and he said I keep on telling them that I keep on saying to them if you do n't put the goods there on display people are going to go over the road to Lipton's and and.
eventually they went bankrupt, Florrie is an of mine, she used to work there part time and she always enjoyed it, she's been there say twenty years, she just came back from holiday and found the place is closed down and none of for the past er fifteen months he'd been there, that past fifteen months none of their part time staff had their stamps put on their cards, so for their, for their pension.
they've, they've got to put their National, National Ins Insurance stamps, erm, none of the Tax that they'd stopped from their wages had been paid to the tax man, so apparently there was I do n't see how they've already paid their employer,.
it was P A Y E, not.
Yeah, but people can do it even in a little way.
little local people, part time housewifes earn a bit extra to pay their mortgage or save up to go on holiday.

Yeah.
Not very fair is it?
How that coffee machines any, any old machine well it's a small office, maybe a bigger offices have the vending machine, but every office will have a machine.
I've usually been, been senior secretary, I've usually been the one in charge of the petty cash, which, sent out for proper coffee and the new kettle if the kettle blew it's fused and the and the tea pot and the tea bags and the, I just used to write a note in the, in the cash book.
and cash back in the box of the petty cash.
if I needed any I, I used to ask my boss or phone up head office and say petty cash is getting a bit low I've used a lot of stamps last week, they'd send me up a cheque and, never any question of they've provided us with tea and the pint of milk I use, I, I'd bring it in with me or ask the.
Yes, yes, ten minutes office time spent in the loo, mm.
You see the leaves in our garden, imagine.
ca n't you with all those trees up the top, I give up on it.
I saw a gadget the other day that's two, two plastic circles with handles on, mm, I think I paid about seven pounds and this was to gather up leaves and big lot of.
look at it, it's is n't it?
What I'll do pay out extra for two bits of plastic.
You would.
Most of my leaves drop down and fall in the borders.
Yes, yes.
You did, did you?

oh great, great feel happier now.
So you should have space for something sweet smelling outside those big patio doors.
, yes that sort of stuff.
Mm.
I always think of nicotine.
, yes.
put there.
One I had at Maidenhead was gorgeous.
This one does n't.
It's a it used to be a,.
Mm.
Anna.
Oh I know, yeah.

And I stuck it in there and I, I figured it had been there now for what eighteen months and I think it was you who said oh give it another six months.
give it another growing and I just thought stupid plant, and I've left it and it's grown into a beautiful,, did n't call it which now is supposed to before the other way round.
Yeah like my are no longer there.
Yes.
Do n't know why they keep changing their minds about it, honestly, people start.
Even in kilos.
Even though I've been shopping through France.
Germany I still do n't like dealing in kilos.
Well you'll be over there.
No, no, I'm not going to do any thing.
Yes, darling,,.
It's all upstairs on the.
I when you use.
Mm, that's right, yes, mm.


I do it with.
Having a birthday in January.
I said well how about a I said would you like candles on,.
Have that.
Probably expensive.
I like.
Mm.
Yes, yes.
Was she?
Veronica.

She was in the window.
Yeah I remember someone I thought it was just another T V.
That girls with a beautiful voice.

box.

Last time we went the, the came on and declared that it was your birthday and wished you a very happy birthday and you were standing up there, bouncing up and down.
And that.
I think there was somebody called who came down the isle and gave a couple of balloons.
I only mentioned it when I was walking the dogs.
did she?
Yeah.
who does all the in.
Yeah, but it's tea leaves.


I would.
Ca n't you get.
Oh yes, that's, that's a good idea.
D'you want to drink ordinary tea or what?
Or what Pete calls my funny tea.
, I have a cup of your lemon tea.
Any Dinda's taken the camera.
Yeah.
Do you?
Slimming.
I'm ever so sorry when the erm, master mind finished.
It makes me look how ignorant I am.

Sometimes if it's on Joan, I do n't watch snooker, but if it's on I get fascinated by.
I think I saw it on the news thirty five thousand pounds somebody.

And they were congratulating one of them, what was the two names?
I would n't like to commit myself.
How many do.
Oh I've thrown the papers away.
If there's any magazines there that you want Joan do take them whatever.
, that came out today.
Well, you've only got.
You've only got to solve the silly simple thing that they give you which is.
Yeah I mean you can guess it from the clue without having to fill in the crossword.
Well I'll leave this one on.
Yeah, that's three bulbs on that one.
Yes, is n't it exciting is n't it lovely.

I'm sorry Joan I'll have to get through.
Yeap Parker, hey there's a good boy, sorry open the exciting few days when our witness, two fellows who broke in at.

I was interviewed by the police, I had to give descriptions.
real exciting down there it was piece of wood tuck in, but since erm they were round the corner by.
Mind you suddenly I've had to go back to running on.
Oh the plants were in such a mess on the oh it was a filthy mess.
had me doubts.
Only about once a week, five pounds.
Five pounds just to.
fill me from going quarts to full.
That fills from quarter to half.
There's a nice erm friend who walks her dogs, Henry and Lucy, they put their big golden retriever's and they put their heads between your legs and go bump.
the time Keith came with, I had to warn him, they were, ah, look at this one.
It does say slow every where.
, going to pull out now, pull to the middle, put me choke in.
Oh yes, I'm always, I'm always.
I'm always glad to erm, have somebody use another pair of eyes for me, but not to tell me when to change up or down,.
put my choke in and.
Well last time we, last time he came with us, I said there's one thing I just want to ask you a favour, that's enough, she's as happy as harry now she's faced up to the fact, that er, he was not good because he did n't love her any way, she loved him.
She's the Librarian at Broadmoor, last week she went off with three thousand pounds up to er.
with three thousand pounds to spend on new books for Broadmoor library.
I said you, she said yes, I'm afraid so and I said I do sometimes begrudge it to those men in there.
Life of Riley workshops.
Makes me laugh, how did he get hold of a saw through the wall or the bars, they've got beautiful workshops, everything they could wish for.
Oh that's big, that is big, there you go.
No.
Went in.
It's worth it cos you feel so much better when you've been.
it's a real dingy day and I think oh dear, wear their boots and Kagouls, and you feel so much better when you get taken the snow of them, the leaves are nice cos they dry them, scuffle in them.
Yeah.
Just walking in the woods..
Yes, ca n't remember her doing it.
Oh does Paddy help you move the plants?
, Parker Park, come on, come on.
I was talking to Alison saying that sometimes I think we spend too much money keeping all these erm criminally in sane.
I said to her, it's all very well, but, we spend so much money on them and we do n't seem to spend any money on victims.
And she said, sometimes I can agree with you she said, but some of them when they come into a library, you feel helped.
and others really victim, I said but is n't it, is n't it kinder in a way, I would n't, if they really are sick in their minds then but for the grace of god would n't it be kinder to stick a needle in their bottoms when they were asleep so they did n't wake up again.
and she said well we've got, for instance, one of my favourite patience is the girl of er, I think she's nineteen, and er, she's in their because her father had raped her since she was about eight, when she was sixteen she killed him, well I said well I think she should have been given a medal.
Hello, hello, hello.
I've forgotten your name, Judy oh sitting down in the meadow I think, oh are n't you having fun, come on Rocket, oh Rock, Rock, Rock, you, Rocket, I hide, he get's every so anxious if I hide.
, did n't bring your lead did I, It was on the back seat, well this girl apparently, erm, would of got away of killing her father.
because he had abused her all those years, erm, but apparently she's also got a, not the right sort of word, a pathological hate for men in general.
and was inclined, any man who accidently put a hand on her.
likely to of had a have a knife in her pocket and turned round and stabbed him.
No, I ca n't blame her.
But it seems to me she should n't be locked up in Broadmoor, she should be somewhere where it's more supervision, but more freedom where she can walk around gardens and places like that, erm.
Yes, if they put you in a.
close order with nuns or.
understand especially is one of them was a.
, I mean a woman that frightened we all be seething inside and of course seeing him asleep in a drunken stupor to think now's my chance, she must of been in a terrible state emotionally.
and thought now's my chance if I.
No.
Exactly.

Oh I can, I can understand what must be going through her mind, it must still of been a terrible time.

You do n't want to walk all the way round do you love?

look at all the berries.
beautiful hollies.
Oh yes.
Are you doing.
Cor.
Yes, yes.
This is Christmas sort of run up to Christmas with had to do all the presents, buying, and wrapping.
all this buying, all this work.
all the food ordering.
Absolutely beautiful.
If it get's much colder I shall have.


Yes,.
I finding, I'm wearing all wool, erm and fur lining, next to my sweat my sweater's up round my chest when I get home.
Did n't have mine out here last year, I did n't wear my sheepskin at all.
I gave one of them away to the.
Oh it was funny with Alison when I first saw her on when she was still a terrible state she let it all out in a great scream and I just let her talk and talk and talk.
about it and I did n't see her for weekend she gave me her phone number, Saturday morning I gave her a bell, said I would be walking the dog if you want to join me.
and er, she said oh yes please and I said fifteen minutes you know, she said, since I've seen the Solicitor I feel a different person, I said you look different, you look ten years younger, she said everybody's telling me I look ten years younger.
Yes, yes, cos the first couple of weeks I mean she did n't sleep.
She said after she'd seen the Solicitor and er had a good talk to me.
Oh yes, she's got the house, and had a good talk to me, and help.
and er, she said er, she's got things sort of straightened out and she had a good nights sleep with her dog, both dogs, one on the bed and one by the side of her.
Yes.
Said I've a well paid job which I enjoy.
I said yes, your best without him are n't you, which I could n't say to her before of course.
And she said yes, I am.
Civil Servant.
Civil Service pay.
No, no, plus she's not only, she's not only the librarian at Broadmoor, she keeps all the medical records as well.

Oh the do goodies.
, erm most of the staff at Broadmoor have n't got much time for do gooders.
Erm, last time the do gooders insisted, one of them was left out, he went straight to the South Coast, killed his mum and his.
girl friend.
Well they're so clever you see, these Broadmoor criminals they're not just.
Just eh.
yeah, oh and they're brilliant some of them.
Yes.
That's right,.
yes.
Oh yes, they're very, very clever so Doug was saying to me one day in work, walking dogs together in Wellington, he said I had this fellow yesterday, he just convinced a board that he did n't need any more treatment, he was cured erm, he would n't do any more.
assaults on, on small girls, etc, erm, they said why, you can have less,.
er, you can have more er freedom.
round the place and then we'll see how it goes from there, with a view to letting you out, back into the world and er as soon as they'd gone and they were escorting him back to his, his room, they do n't have cells they have erm, he turned to the warden who are called nurses, and said never wanted to have an operation, I like having sex with little girls, he said.
now I've got two little girls he said I hate to turn away knowing what he'd done to the last little girl.

Good grief.
Yes, so would I.
, what did we do the other morning, Sunday I think it was, there was two thrushes here singing their hearts out.
and they were singing the territory, hello darling, they were singing their territorial songs.
like it was spring.
They did it last spring when it was warm, when it got warm too early.
Then they all lost their of eggs, do you remember?
Rocket this way, yes it was beautiful earlier on.
That's right.
and all the birds mated, then we had that cold spell and all the fledglings.
got blown out of their nests.
Come on Rocket, Rocket come come, good boy,.
good boy, he knows the difference between come and come, do n't you, you know come, come clever boy.
Clever boy, you are good boy.
Because of him being a rescued dog I ca n't ever give him a slap.
for not being obedient.
just praise him a lot when he get's it right.
The wind, yeah.

That's what Keith's talking about, when he sails his aeroplane he onto a boat.
I said I do n't want and Keith says, I, I get so angry I, I stand up and give the boat such a wack.
and probably upset the boat.

. Come on, up, up, I do n't know if you had a visit or not, up darling, good lad, mind your tail oh thank you, I got the wrong bag, I think there's a policeman's helmet under the seat.
I think at first glance you ca n't really see.
To make them think twice.
Maybe take another car rather than this one.
Yes, yes it is very, Yew tree.
It's a Yew tree is n't it?
Beautiful, you do n't see Yew's out in the open much do you?
There's another one actually in the cos Dinda said to me.
Oh yes, I think they.
Sort of.
Which is what we had at home in the manor ground, our squire was er.
selection of them went all over the world collecting trees.
Oh yes from seventeen something to eighteen early nineteenth century.
Apparently they use to keep a little thing alive and they took it on the boat coming home.
Oh it's nice to have you there for a walk.
Did you good as well.
Was n't it too long for you, to catch cold, if you walk.
Yes, yeah, we having some icy winds about a month ago, when we had the frost in the morning.
It was cold,.
Cold over the meadow then.
,.
They're probably edible.
It's not very deep thought is it?
Watching the television.
yeah and you should turn the top few inches over and there was what he called the.
thing is if you do n't get them out, then they'll grow up again.
I've got an idea I read that salt of course kitchen salt does it, which I imagine would kill most any thing.

It was just that erm, if you do it gently, layer by layer.
you'll probably come across those little.
interlaced mats.
which I think are the spores are n't they?

Yes.
No, I ca n't say I.
You have n't got as much at the front as I have.
I meant to put a lot more bulbs in over the I've still got time actually.
Oh I thought you can move bulbs any time when they were dormant.
Yeah.
Yeah, I suppose.
Press your tip madam.
Well,.

Times I do that.
Yes please love.
Erm, yes sometimes I do n't have a pack of frozen peas, I so, otherwise well I.
She's sleeping now is n't she?
do something about her sore.
Do you want some of these, or have you got some?

Have a name with you?
Rocket.

My calling voice Rocket come, good lad, that's better, that's better.
I hoped that the black bird with the white.
patches er, come while you were here.
No, no, Dinda used it cos she's got a camera with so many gadgets on.
Yeah actually I put erm any apples I've got left over, oh they love them their.
There's a cock bird, but he's much bigger than that.
It see's that those two together, they're, they're.
Oh, yes.
Oh it is.
Yes.

It's still got brown in.
No it's not is it?
It's odd.
Perhaps he's gay, yeah perhaps he's gay.
does n't, does n't look male or female.
Yeah, first the hydrangeas if you want some.
Good heavens, taking two or three is not gon na, not gon na hurt is it?
Well you, well you as long as you want.
They're ruined cutting up the dogs chews you, it's you, you've ruined them.
There's a beaut over there that's dropping it's head with it's weight, can you see it over, in my other bed.
I like them I think the're so, they're so attractive.
Ah, just bending is n't it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yes.
There's a great big cabbage one at the bottom and there's a beauty there, with more mauve on.
Well it, when the snow get's on that it's gon na break it.
Yes, it's only one's, two heads, but it's better that's a beaut I mean that.
that all by itself.
It's fantastic.
No I cut it right down.
On he's, he's instructions, on, do n't like that dam great bush being so near, he never has to stand at the kitchen sink and look out like I do this is where my, it's funny whether the winds blowing this way or that way,.
my door, both my doors get covered in leaves.
How is that?
South wind or North wind, I get my.

Aquiline, I've never heard of it.
and you know, small green flowers, would you believe.
Night scented stock, that's coming nearly out, is n't it ridiculous.
Yeap, it's night scented stock.

Strawberries, actually.
There's actual strawberries there.
they're not ripening of course, but they're strawberries, birds are enjoying them, look, look at the size of them, ridiculous is n't it?.
Yes, yes, special is n't it?

I thought might be a bit more sheltered.
and that is the.
from Chester.
And now when I look round the garden I can say that's Diane and.
that's Joan.
yes it's lovely having cutting's from friends.
I always think the that's Joan's.
you see whenever I.
Well there's enough of them look.
There, there, there.
I have, they, they, they multiply just look, look how they've multiplied, they, they.
Take a another one just started.
Another one started there, look.
My fuchsia now that was, that was erm, blooming until about a week ago.
having a new on it.
No.
This is the only bit of garden I bother with, and nature can have the rest.
Rhododendron's.
Yeah, heavy hammer.
Mad.
Yes.
Maidenhead there, me bring the box up garden.
Yeah.
yeah,.
Yes.
yes.

It's been ruined with the, going through this.
Yes, I think I might get a new pair of secateurs.
Got so much more.
Trees,.
mm, mm.

I do n't like throwing plants away.
Oh yes.
I do with them on occasion.
Yes, is n't, those are for my mother's day bouquets and I just stick them in and they just come out in the vase.
Yes.
I would of had them in the front.
Oh yes.
yes.
Rocket, leave, leave, eaten birds bread, look he's got dogs biscuit, but he's eaten the birds, stop it, Rocket, leave, go on in, in.
Nothing else really to take.
Oh yes.
He has to have a crunchy chew when he comes in from his walk.
He's thoroughly spoiled, far more than any of my pedigree's, this little rescue animal.

He does n't take, it's strange, although it's made originally with gin soaking the slows you ca n't taste any thing of the gin, slows kill it completely, cos I loathe the smell of gin, I ca n't stand it.
Does n't smell or taste of gin at all.
It's very, very good for tummy upset.
My Keith tried a little drop last night and he said I must n't drink this so soon after then he had another sip must n't drink it and he.
I only gave him that much, I only gave him a tiny drop to take, I said it's medicinal really like my Brandy Port.
It was Gin, then they had the brown sugar syrup added.
Erm then the yeast, that worked on the sugar.
alcoholic.
, erm I'd imagine it's fairly potent.
Yeah, not to.
Well you'll only get two glasses out of that.
Ah yes,.
Are you sure you've got everything?
So he'll be a whole day without.
Oh he's gon na feel awful.
He'll hide himself away.
He would if I came over, he'd hate it.
No.
Take care.
Before Christmas, oh I should hope so.
I will.
I do n't know even what the panto is, but it's bound to be a good one if it's Dinda, yeah.
Lovely evening out is n't it?
Perhaps we could have dinner out first depending on what time it starts.
Oh it's my treat to hear, it's her birthday,, bye darling.
No dear.
No.
Oh did you?
Yeah.
Ooh no!
Or.
or they just did n't bother to fish him out.
I mean would n't stop would it.
Yes.
Yes.
It's rotten it that is rotten.
No.
But why did he need seven hundred millions pounds?
What can anyone do with seven hundred million?
Yes, but surely a couple of million's enough for anybody.
Seven hundred million.
No he has n't he's just playing with it.
Over that side.
Yeah well she does n't like the way I throw it.
He's had the end off it already.
So I'm alright, you alright?
I'm.
Just.
Good I've bought the panto Ben and Harry would love to come, Harry adores panto.
Thirteen pounds fifty a seat.
It's Puss in Boots.
No they have n't had it in Windsor they did it.
Yeah they have it for receptionists who remember.
Drop it!
Where did it go?
Poor little devil!
Really?
I should n't Well it's not.
those mushrooms.
But Ben and Harry would love to join us, Harry adores pantomimes and he's be.
it finishes on the eighteen so I'll have to book it for the previous Friday so Harry says oh that's great it'll be my birthday too.
but they'll be paying for their own seats though, so it's.
so it's yes an outing Malcolm's only.
a pan a panto yes the Windsor panto going.
No no it's a it's your birthday.
Your birthday.
It's thirteen fifty a seat, though.
Thirteen pounds fifty.
It's good.
Well it starts at seven thirty, it'll be a bit difficult to eat out in there.
Get there for seven fifteen, up there.
fish and chips.
Well we have n't discussed that yet.
Seventeenth.
The weekend before your birthday.
It finishes on the Saturday see.
Yes.
And apparently Keiley adores pantomime.
he shouts out with all the kids.
It's behind you!
It's over there!
It's behind you.
Look.
And they're so lovely at Windsor and fresh in case anyone pops over from over the road.
I said to her my daughter was once was wished Happy Birthday.
and that was twenty fifth January up on the stage and.
then you er everyone sang Happy Birthday and somebody arrived down the aisle with a couple of balloons for her should have done that for me too, on my.
birthday, the wished me a Happy Birthday should have said.
she said I was n't four years old and she was still working in the box office.
Oh you never you never want.
Oh course I would n't do it, it wo n't be your birthday anyway.
Love it!

Where is.
where's it gone?
What was it that.
I was gon na say to you?
Yeah he he likes the chill as well.
Good Morning could you tell me where Prima are?
Prima.
Is it you?
It's usually on the doors.
No it's returning a a gizmo I'll go t yesterday.
and since I live in.
instead of sending it through the post at Christmas I thought I'd bring it.
No I just could n't see the name Prima actually just.
'till I saw the van.
It really is cold it keeps trying to freeze again does n't it?
That's right just walk the dog and do n't you.
Ca n't see anything that says Prima.
Oh it does too! be well being a bit low down, you see, you ca n't see the cars.
Thank you very much.
Hello I spo.
That's right yes I spoke to someone yesterday on the phone and they said to pop it in, since I lived so close.
Seemed silly to send it by post I.
Thank you ever so much for bringing me round, it's very nice of you.
Yes please just the.
It's not at all what I thought it would be I just made a bloomer there.
I was my Barclaycard.
but I've bought I put everything in here.
there's that and then someone I dropped my order form in the din that belongs to the.
Yes I put that in as well there.
and that was my Barclaycard number in case you want it although I ordered it through the thr phone I made out that so that I could read it off on the telephone I did n't even erm I did n't even assemble it I just looked and I saw it does n't chop I thought it would chop things but does n't, it only grates Looks as though it had been out before, you know, you look at this!
Somebody's had it before have n't they?
Look at that!
No I erm I realise that.
Must have a big warehouse somewhere but everything's there that er now that's been torn as well, you see.
It's.
Gosh it's cold out there, this morning.
It keeps trying to start freezing again, you know.
Yes.
The sun goes in and suddenly you feel the frost rising!
You seem a happy lot around here.
Some fa I know your face.
From Sandhurst?
Probably.
probably.
Oh your face is familiar perhaps it's shopping or something?
Or even in a shop somewhere.
Yeah, could be.
Probably.
I went for a walk the dog in Ambarro this morning it was a joke!
It was cold.
It is.
Thanks.
Yeah.
Yes.
And they'll either credit my Barclaycard or.
Great.
So we with Christmas coming, you must be.
getting very busy anyway.
Very nice of you.
Thank you very much I hope you have a nice Christmas, I bet you're overworked at the moment!
I bet you are I bet you are it's a lovely way getting thin it's good is n't it?
Mowing round the shops It's much better to go through catalogue, I think.
Well not in this case but I mean.
It's very rarely that I have to.
say no, it's not what I expected.
I mean we erm.
video have n't tried the video yet because that's a Christmas present the video.
I got an it's a good way of getting I think.
Thank you ever so much my dear me dear I do n't know who I spoke to.
on the phone, but it was she was very nice.
Ah could have been, yeah.
Thank you very much indeed, my.
bitterly cold out here bitter!
That was n't very clever was it?
You ca n't believe it can you?
Yes and there If I If I pull up a bit and back out there.
Ooh you!
Oh dear, you poor soul ha, ha do you want me to move and come and help you?
Or do you want to go in the.
vets and say.
If not I'd go in there and say please could.
somebody move that car!
It's a Vauxhall is n't it?
Dear oh dear!
Alright poppet, we we're not going to vet we're not going to the vet we're not going to the vet I know you'd like to but you ca n't.
Good morning Jenny.
Gosh it's so cold out there!
It's most un do you know it's brilliant sunshine and then there's a bag of cl there's a bag of.
there's a bag of cloud.
and as soon as the sun goes in it starts t to freeze again!
You feel it you can feel it coming.
It really is it's bitter hello.
Mm.
Well I do n't know, you look at those cloud bags.
That's true.
Ah you're doing my trick.
That's my prerogative walking off.
and leaving it.
Oh where have you moved your light bulbs to Jenny?
To make room for the.
Thank you dear.
Oh.

There's a lot of it about.
Oh really?
Yeah.
Oh I see.
Well I do erm, what time?
Oh another time I if it's very very early I I wo n't.
I do n't get up very early, you see.
Oh that's fantastic.
Yeah.
I thought that's what as well.
Well you used to.
Yes.
We all need know whether she is or.
Oh yes.
Yeah.
No.
You were n't in Turkey when they had troubles were you?
You were n't in Turkey when they had the.
trouble.
over there No.
I should think it's rather like Northern Ireland, actually.
And your er did a marvellous job, did n't he?
Oh?
Did he?
At least he got you free of Aggater.
Yeah.
Yeah.
After all that got them out.
after all that.
out of Anatalia.
because that.
at great speed.
And they.
