
He might try and come down again.
before then, but you know it depends.
cos he's, this Friday he's taking a group erm youngsters to Paris.
That had been booked you see before.
in fact he was also booked at Easter to go to the erm to Florence.
again, but he's had to cancel that.
Either that or I'd imagine.
the people that went before have to sort of do it, but as I say he was n't er, er.
we went up at dinner time on the next day and, because he went back after he.
the morning again, and we took Daniel up to the er, cos there was a station, Christopher picked him up there and off they went you see so erm have n't heard anything I presume he got back alright but as I say.
Mm?
Well seemingly she's erm.
a bit more resigned, there's another, there's another sort of erm possibility, I mean if they sold their house quickly of course then, you know they'd come down here obviously and they'd try and look for something, but it's not likely that they'd sell their house that quickly.
but if they did and.
you know they'd all come down, but if they do n't, erm.
possibility is that Marilyn would stay up there for another year with Carris you know in their house and Timothy of course and erm, then sort of move down here.
I imagine so, is she due to do them next year?
after that oh I thought she was.
Yeah well Christopher knows that.
but erm, if everything else being equal obviously that would be the thing to do.
but if they ca n't well.
well he.
He's going to be going up erm each weekend if this happens.
and erm Marilyn will come down of course when she's at, she's worried as well about whether she's going to get a job, cos er, I mean they need to have erm a second income I should think.
Oh on the agency can you?
Yeah.
No well that's probably erm.
no that's not a great consideration.
Well I think it's just.
It's erm, you know, mostly Carris of course.
but she means if they sell their house they'll come down more every year then.
Timothy.
To get settled in.
but erm.
as things are at the moment I think it.
Christopher's very much more happy to have met up with Bob in the office to see what he's you know the thoughts of.
He's had some more idea, he had no idea what be expected of him or anything.
and this Bob erm has sort, he's been quite marvellous, he's set up some fantastic things.
in.
Yeah he's getting an O B E.
next week is n't it?
And he's written books and all the rest of it and in fact he's, he's going to be erm lecturing at Royal College.
you know after he gets out from here on a temporary basis sort of thing, so that erm Christopher says he's gon na be doing it for a year this lecturing, but it's very nice for him because he'll be able to contact him and Bob will help him if it's necessary.
Oh very well.
A travelling allowance, so.
that would save them.
and go, go by train.
no question of Chris driving.
So, I mean it's.
We do n't know anything.
more than that, nor does he really.
But that I mean we did n't even know he was coming, father rang up on erm.
Yeah because I had said to father during the day on Sunday, I wonder if any of our children are alive?
Because we have n't heard or seen any of them or anybody.
No I'm not talking.
no it was n't you was talking.
Bridget even has n't phoned us either.
No, no, not, not sort of getting at, anyway I had just said that to father you see.
so father said well I'll erm go and see if erm Christopher's.
erm there.
I've put my foot in it again.
Play it by ear.
He did say something Christopher told me that.
Alright then, so are you gon na go out or something?
Go and have some lunch or something.
Mm.
We've been out together this morning, yes.
No you would n't know but he was the caretaker at father's school, wonderful man, absolutely, he's got god knows what he has n't got wrong with him, but he has sort of.
He's.
Two of those numbers up there are his as well and a painting.
Yes, yes.
Joan.
Ooh can I just say, sort of butt in there, I was at the hospital I had to go with my A C.
Oh you, you've heard did you?
Oh yes that's, that's, that's erm, erm.
that's erm the mother.
she's a wonderful erm, she's a nurse that does the A C clinic.
Yeah and I said to her erm, and she said I do n't know how it came out about her son in the fire service, oh I know she'd just come back from Orlando, cos she'd been off work having had a hysterectomy and she had three week's leave due to her.
so she went to erm Orlando.
so I said oh my son's going there sort of erm this summer and er she said oh do n't they live you know locally, so I said well in Newton Abbott and erm he works in the fire service.
and so.
ah he said that ah she's a lovely lady she really is.
but then after, not after, before then, I was sitting up waiting to give my bloody when Mrs said.
Yeah.
she said to me, erm.
Yeah.
Is he?
Yeah that's right.
She said erm he's in erm.
Torquay and fire prevention oh I said he must be with Richard, yes she said he is.
Ah ai n't that funny both on the same day.
Angela was n't it the girl's name?
Oh goodness gracious.
Oh she probably heard that I had not been well.
that'll be it.
Oh dear.
you ca n't help putting.
Are you?
So you can go alright can you?
They'll, they'll allow you to go?
Yes well I mean had we had any idea about this, obviously father would of.
Did n't even no I've never even went to the committee, yours was.
going to a committee.
Oh yeah, yes.
No that's right.
Yeah.
This present mayor was away on holiday at the time, he said perhaps that I should of seen that erm it would go to committee.
And the rubbish, I mean the, the environmental people.
Have a lot of other people written in and objecting?
Mm, as you, see you, you really do need.
You really have been to houses.
Had we known about it because this is the sort of thing we could of gone.
It was passed.
Well you went to see him.
But I think that he I find he's.
he's very sympathetic to the likes of.
One person with er yeah.
It's okay, even if they get send down then of course they can still appeal but you ca n't it's ridiculous.
No.
Yeah.
What about her er York which she's had.
She has n't heard from them yet.
Oh has she?
Because it was York that was stopping her listing was n't it?
Yeah.
Mm.
Daniel was saying has n't she heard from any of her.
I said I do n't honestly, I only know that er, erm.
Yeah very good.
Try thinking, do you know somebody used.
to swear about Southampton for history.
But I know that erm, for.
Oh have you?
well he had all sorts of.
Er I know, he's, he's told me.
last time I saw him.
It's naughty of your mother not to let you have them.
Yeah.
Get me ash.
Did you erm, did you.
have any help?
Yes.
And Paul is.
Where, what?
What is that?
Oh I see yeah.
The, the erm the maths, is this erm.
He hopes to get a one.
Was that the one that Helen should of done?
Yeah.
Mm, mm.
Mind you, you see in the long run they proved that she was.
good enough to do it.
No.
I hear.
is sort of going back quite a bit.
Tony told me.
we've had er a man rang to the hall clearing out.
thing, that erm they'd left, father's got ta go down there next Tuesday so.
the, the erm, there are tents and all sorts of things you said they were comparatively new, erm because remember that big.
Oh I do n't know what they do, but do you remember that great big jumble sale they had that raised over a thousand pounds?
They had under the erm,.
Yeah.
Well that was sort of mostly to, to be buying erm.
tents, but.
Erm actually Kay got in touch with this man and in fact she had got Andre's name as well sort of.
he's a, he's retired, I mean he, he does n't have anything very.
Retired have n't they, because if somebody came to you cos you see, he was so upset about it.
Kay knows him cos he's.
Slimmer.
And he had a scout badge on his tie, did you notice that?
Kay knew him, she rang him up.
Your, your best bet would be to go up and sort of you know look at the tents that are up there so that you would know whether they went about.
But I suppose you could go and look tomorrow morning.
he's off tomorrow.
but if, if you are going to be spending a whole lot of money on tents and if these were any good.
But do, would it be.
The thing about it is.
This, er I know Margaret, Margaret erm, what's her name.
at the time, no, it's, I wo n't say.
Tina's daughter.
Jim's daughter.
Marcus and all them.
kids are called.
that's right, erm she had said at the time when they had raised all this money that er mostly gon na be spent on erm.
tents and camping equipment so that.
So they, they, they've dropped the erm the group altogether then?
Who else would that involve?
Oh was there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Mm, mm.
They could well do.
Resurrected.
Yeah.
But in it, it's wicked, in that, in that cupboard they've got two pairs of really good walking boots, when Kay saw them she said it's not their feet, because you see she had the cubs there right from the beginning.
Ai n't it awful really?
Yeah.
Gosh.
But anyway.
he was he was so horrified about it because she had actually run all that right from the beginning.
Yeah, I was gon na give you a ring to say it's been this way, pick them up.
we had a piece for lunch and erm.
Well we can have a go at.
I have n't even read the paper yet.
I mean I'll carry on.
you, you sort.
The Co-Op here's got cordless jug kettle for twelve ninety nine.
Mm.
one and a half litres, two point two kilowatt fill up.
and a cable tidy, that sounds quite good, these are half price things for ten days only There's a remote control colour television for one thirty nine, ninety nine, save fifty pounds they've got the dear tapes here look, erm six and a half hours video tapes, recommended price seven ninety nine can get for three ninety nine and there's another one here three pack, twelve hours video tape for six ninety nine must end Saturday November the twenty ninth, oh perhaps I'll buy you one of those, oh I have bought you a birthday present have n't I?
Erm complete fury over trend.
Mm, no.
Mm, you're very good, yes very good, that's excellent.
I reckon gosh look at that you can get a Tefal food processor it was thirty three ninety nine for twenty four forty nine at Comets, there's a telephone answering machine.
It says here on the six o'clock Olympics today including live coverage of Wilf Riley's attempt to win the gold for Britain in the mens thousand short practice speed skating final it's six o'clock.
Looks as if somebody was sort of passed over to the other.
Any lane.
I thought it were relay.
That's what I thought because he's on the, he's by himself is n't he?
No you can see.
This is the end track.
No I have n't.
I've just picked it up.
Some money in the, something of.
Oh.
no.
I've seen another one, the address for it is would you believe?
gosh Oh this should be interesting this is from the A A erm travelling abroad you know.
useful because erm, I'd still love to do another trip abroad you know, go down to France go to perhaps.
yes.
No.
Well I've been very good I've not been phoning anybody else.
The er.
Oh yeah.
that was it.
Yeah and I'd forgotten that I'd spoken to her the other night.
Alright if we've done it in this quarter.
Happened that way.
Yes.
nineteenth of February.
and that's when it went in yes, yes.
But when is the phone call.
And where was that to?
Might do that then, if we've got the money.
This is the twentieth, yes it was the nineteenth.
nineteenth I phoned her.
another big one as well But that one the other night I do n't mind it having been so big, because it was sort of helping my conscience.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
The best will get a profit.
Strange.
strange.
on your.
It's making it difficult to save money.
Mars your ruling planet normally endows you with drive, but as Saturn grows nearer your energy level will decrease now how about that?
Do it to me Capricorn this is an extremely significant time, a close relationship has undergone a complete transformation in the solar eclipse of the sun, you may feel insecure this week I always feel insecure.
but only temporary.
increasing security and.
money, investment are proving sound, there is no need to worry about my expenditure.
Oh good, shall I go out and have a rave up shall we?
My health, I am feeling strong and looking confident on the outside, so you must try and feel it on the inside oh dear the planets are on your side this week for love, needless to say.
best on the nineteenth money, finance has become a little shaky as Saturn the planet of restriction approaches to Venus on the twenty sixth, this is not a time for speculation.
Health, living generally, are enjoying good health, however those of you who are born in earlier.
to re-think your diet and the end of September as well I should think.
Oh.
Where to in?
We're going to France of course.
Mm.
Well put it on there.
show you put away like that.
going to this erm, what did he say?
The erm.
You know I very carefully picked up my glasses and put them in the case and put it in my in there.
No.
Yeah.
Strewth.
God.
Yeah.
Devon Square, oh yes, yes, yes, mm.
Oh is it?
Yeah that's what it said, mm.
Oh, the whole of two hundred and fifty thousand.
I reckon you'd, the building plot itself would of erm, and I've seen them advertised, for about fifty thousand pounds.
You were saying this morning on the end of the news you were talking about the four man.
thing and they were saying it started already and the Austrians were in the lead at that time.
You might get it on erm Ceefax.
On there you see it does say six o'clock Olympics today the first two runs in the four man bobsleigh, sport on Friday at two twenty five.
with winter Olympics that have to run in the four man bobsleigh.
No, well, he, you know, just at the end when they're giving the last news just before nine o'clock.
erm, said that it'd started already, erm whoever was doing the erm, whoever was doing the sport and that with the bob, he had said he could of dropped in a note to say that erm started already and at that stage, erm.
Oh they went down at ten?
Yeah.
Mm.
Better, have a better selection I would think.
I just happen to see the.
Yeah, buy sixty varieties of fuchsia cuttings, thirty nine pence each, they're under three pounds fifty.
they're doing, you know here.
I reckon of we'll see it now.
You were going to feed the.
Daffodils.
Yeah, it looks as if they've just been sort of put in in a heap.
Spread them out.
That looks nice.
smart.
Mm.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
the shadow of the trees, yes.
Well we're going just out here and then we're coming back are n't we?
I wonder if they might have anything do n't know whether they sell other than the time.
but I, I'd like to go and ask there some time whether they did Oh that's the one for sale which I saw advertised in the paper today.
There's cows.
Well I would of said so, but.
Are you returning Doreen and.
today?
Because they're saying because their kitchen is in absolute uproar.
they're going out to eat each day you see.
and erm I do n't think I can, you know want to invite them back to our place here, so I told them I ca n't but erm I suppose we could always go out with them, if they were going out you know, if they have n't made any other plans.
A car.
able to get up any faster perhaps he'll be alright on the flat I've seen some as well in erm some way, I looked in.
and this weekend they've got sort of erm vegetables in.
including one carrot or.
try this weekend ourselves to see what's there.
Well he's rushed on now you see, that fellow has in the pick-up truck I mean, did you see him?
See the pick-up truck?
Cars, I actually saw those on the side.
because of that well never mind it's a nice morning.
we're not in any desperate hurry.
Oh he's pulling in.
probably belongs to the.
yes it does you see.
And there's quite a few.
was n't there?
Mind, must of re-done those toilets or something cos look they've even got a disabled.
Yeah.
And that's, that's ten is it?
You've got ten.
Oh.
Ha, I've just been looking around.
things that.
I have, I have n't seen anything.
Yes it's nearly opening time.
Did you say you wanted some pot some, or did you get them?
I just happened to see these selection of pots no I think there these fancy ones more.
That works out at fifty P.
That works out at fifty P.
And as you say they'll probably be cheaper at.
Do you want them now if you wanted them?
Oh.
Hello nice to see you.
Fine, yes, yes, mm a bit of a nip in the air this morning.
Aha.
but it's lovely you know when we were coming past the playing fields, it's erm I did n't.
Are there some trailers?
Oh yes I can see they're trailer.
No, this is mine, I'd better pay for my own.
Four.
We'll have to.
a nice red erm.
you know a red flower pot plant for somebody who's got a ruby wedding this weekend, but there's nothing up there, not much at all, Azalea's are sort of all off you know.
No, yeah I saw those, yes, yes but erm.
put them in one of those and.
Mm.
Erm well look, let's get rid of these.
You gon na try and put them in there?
Here's a bag look.
I'll just go and look and see what this looks like.
Now can you see this, she, she just put that together, now that does look quite nice does n't it?
But if we sort of, you know, she said, you know look around and arrange something yourself.
Yeah, but I want a better white bigger than that one.
That's rather pretty is n't it?
That was the one I liked the look of.
There's one there look.
or that one, yes.
Which one?
That, that one there?
I think the other one looks rather pretty.
Is it, is it or is that the one you said that.
That's got buds in it there?
What do you think?
Well I think the red.
That's the erm some of these.
No, no, we could do with changing that.
Let's see if we can get a, see there's a whole lot of buds as an example in that one is n't there?
Fifty five each, I do n't know how much.
And that's ninety nine and four.
Sixty five, so that's two sixty and ninety nine.
Oh is it?
Oh yes, yes it says that yes.
and erm, at least these look a bit.
I'll buy a handle.
Oh you can get the handles separately.
I'm just looking at, erm this one it looks so pretty, no not that.
what do you think of that one.
Unusual.
Oh yes, yes mm, mm.
I'm wondering now, looking at it, if that erm is a bit tall for the rest of them.
Do you know what I mean?
Yes I thinking of the red.
Oh that's, yes.
Yeah, okay.
Oh that's nice of you, thank you very much.
That looks nice erm, all we have to do now is go and erm get a card and take the price, oh the prices must be on these.
On that, mm, mm.
Does he want to play?
Thanks.
No I do n't, I think I can, you witness that I paid for this wo n't you?
Thank you very much.
Well that was good, that's very attractive for three pounds is n't it?
Put this in the back in the.
could n't we?
Yes that was a nice, good job I mentioned it to her was n't it?
I mean we would n't of known, I never saw that erm, you know diamond thing with, four, I mean even then I when we bought them I was thinking four sixty fives, that'll be two sixty and erm three sixty, so you save a bit really do n't you?
Now we'll go down and try and get a card will we?
And what else was it?
Oh that's right plenty of time to get out.
Yeah Now where shall we look for a ruby wedding card?
You would generally go for that one in the market would n't you?
Mm, funnily enough I do n't like it in there well I suppose I might get something in.
they have some quite nice ones as well do n't they?
Tim was quite taken with that big card that he had for his birthday.
There now, two.
well it's the only way the.
well somebody else is coming, join onto us, but er learner as well, why most of them seem to be learners do n't they?
You hardly ever see a motor cyclist these days you know unless he's got an L plate up of course you ca n't get passed because of the erm.
Now he is, is n't it?
Now what are we going to do erm?
Yeah.
Oh that way, yes.
Ooh help.
anyway, one less, there's a car sort of in front of the ambulance kind of thing.
Yeah and I.
Baston's or erm.
go up to the shops by the egg basket if need be.
Yeah, right.
Perhaps the ambulance has got somebody really ill in there or something.
It's a ruby wedding it is, is n't it?
Just sugar and eggs in there, and the card why did you come back for?
Why did you come back for?
Oh.
The sugar was only fifty nine in the market as I came past at Charlie's you know, I thought well I'll get some of that and I got those jumbo eggs there, only a pound a dozen big ones, you know You done?
Oh I see, they're probably under the paper, yeah.
Pardon?
Oh well her father decided that erm his wife.
put them in there again erm, his wife has n't realized how much it would be looking after er.
Oh.
Still you.
going and pick up your own.
What else did you get?
Phone call from somebody who wanted to book the hall, erm children's party, and erm this person kept on saying are you the man that does the, that sort of lets out the hall.
I am Mrs who's sort of the secretary and books, does the booking for the hall, he could n't get that, anyway it occurred to me afterwards it must of been the grandmother of that girl that bought the erm, cos he kept on talking a Michelle and that's the girl that bought our suite and I reckon it's her child's birthday party, she said erm you know my, you know my son-in-law, I said do I?
Yeah, Frank, Frank and of course and then afterwards I realized that that was Michelle.
Anyway, erm she said will you tell.
I said you know, will you bring your own things?
Meaning you know paper plates and what not and she said oh last time sister Joyce would even let me use the kitchen, I said you can use the kitchen, I just wondered erm, you know, so anyway.
Yeah I saw that, what was that one with the three leaves and that.
They went to Merrivale today, she and Chadam, I knew they both had today off, she said it was gorgeous there.
but as you say I, I can never have a real conversation with her like I can natter.
into anything I do.
Got three.
Coach.
J A Z if we got another Z, can only have the one, J A R.
Yes, thank you.
I just put them up.
if you bring up the erm thingamy.
No.
Erm.
in there.
Yes.
have er just erm.
have the lid of the saucepan here, here we are.
Yes, mm, you re-potting it did it some good.
cos it's now spreading out.
Be awful for erm, you know an ex wife and son, to take the decision to phone in they.
they're very brave Can dry them off on that.
Well I should think there's probably a whole lot more there that we did n't move.
I did n't put the other one in.
Has she?
Oh.
Yes, I just wondered if they could n't sort of do a, a deal, you know to get them by air, the only thing about it is if they got to sort of.
probably where they would go for erm.
still gon na take them a couple of hours.
Oh is that right yeah?
Did you put out those erm.
You just, you know speaking to Chris then?
Do you know that.
You know Shaun, Moyra's husband?
Well his sister's erm a social worker as well in Manchester and she was going next week to spend a year in Romania.
and that, that's why their er you know, Shaun, erm, Amelda brought erm Moyra down with the babies, you know she was up there and she could help her down, but Shaun is coming down now wi, this weekend in the car and of course they'll be able to go back in the car, erm there's, there's gon na be a party for erm, of course should warn the girl Of course that's the awful thing about it is n't it?
took about four of them to do it normally, Paul.
his new wife and also Melanie, ha you know what it says on the top there.
it says.
or something.
That's filled you up has it?
Do you want a bit of ice cream or?
Sometimes you know when you see these programmes like The Bill.
always getting themselves.
The strawberry can be a bit, you know, can really be could be like thaw.
Go and get the paper then okay.
okay.
Oh did you?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Ah.
Oh that's good yeah.
Oh is it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah surprises you.
Yeah.
No I did n't actually, cos the news was you know coming on and I thought I do n't know whether there'd be any on there.
Yes, let's see if they're talking about it.
on this erm.
work up cricket live and exclusive on Sky.
Yeah radio.
Yeah but the pictures and that they are on Sky Television.
Two, three, five.
Against them.
Yeah, you need.
Oh he did n't get the hundred.
They were saying the last time I heard them saying anything he was sort of going.
Oh gosh.
Yeah.
trying to get two hundred and fifty I reckon.
Well should be all fit erm Botham does his business I suppose it'll be with, who he bowl with?
Is Tuffnel, oh Tuf, Tuffnel is a slow bowler is n't he?
Does Reeve bowl?
Lewis does of course and Pringle does.
Yeah.
I should think Alex has become a sort of completely different boy, of when you think how, of when he first had him.
over.
there, you see he's accumulated erm confidence.
did n't he?
So much better.
And yet that other time, you know, when he came to you.
because he could n't do it and that Gavin had done it yeah it's amazing innit, yeah.
Yes, and also the car and the railway being close at hand.
What's that?
Gosh.
Gosh.
Oh dear.
Yeah oh yes.
Oh.
Yeah.
They should know everything there was there to know.
Yes.
Yeah, oh well we.
I knew that you were talking to him about something.
and I thought you know to myself well, well all secret.
things I was n't supposed to know.
Well that would be good of course.
that's better really, and we surely do n't want to lose them do we?
Mm, well I suppose when could we fit it in.
Yeah, still we ca n't have three holidays in a year can we?
Sorry?
Ca n't afford it.
Yes.
Oh dear, I do n't know who writes this, erm bit of the er you know erm oh it must be the sellatory yes, mm, mm, he's writing about erm, erm did you in every.
long time see, see such an impression of dodgy back acting, poor old William Roche who plays Ken Barlow in Coronation Street has been moaning and groaning and wincing and rising in the most frightful and indeed the most convincing of manners, he has even for the match of the.
those few.
to Coronation Street do not know all the facts of course, we are ignorant of the finer points of the time gone by, but why is Deirdre so lasted to Ken I've yet to catch up with Wednesday night's proceedings on my video contraption, but the last thing that I heard Deirdre say to Ken as he was recovering on a put-u-up in her front room was, I'm stuck with you till you back on your feet and as far as I'm concerned it ca n't come soon enough for me, Ken lay there immobile, stunned, a cruel carry on, what's the poor chap done, but then I've missed too much.
But erm, I suppose it's difficult really because the sun's not out it feels that much colder.
It's only because the sun's not out I'm.
quite sure.
Yeah I think over there.
I thought he was looking at the station as if, to see if a train was in or something.
I do n't know what to do about this milk if it's still two lots, have we nearly finished the one we're on?
I suppose I could get two, yes.
Yes, yes I mean what we're having now is alright erm see erm Texas has sort of thirty, forty and fifty percent off some items.
as a last sort of erm two days of the sale or something, they have their special offer next week or fifty percent off everything or something I feel sorry for these places really, that do you know it's funny I only saw the car immediately in front of this grey one in there must of been a dip there because there's two cars in front of me.
but I only saw the white one in front of this grey one.
No two in front of the white.
one, I could see the white one but I could n't see the erm.
I think there is, somebody's going in there, are they?
Yeah.
I'm sure there are people who do n't sort of bother with them at all, you know just saw er a man he dropped he's erm, he dropped his till receipt and he looked as if he had a tremendous amount you know in his basket so I reckon it would of been over, but there was no erm cos you get it stamped yes so we have er, yes I'd forgotten about those little erm chickens of course, so we can have that roast.
There's Linda, have those for me, oh she's coming.
One ninety two point three.
Cor there must be some reason for it of course, perhaps they're not, not erm picking up or yes I could easily of bought erm a couple bottles of wine to make that.
up to twenty.
Did n't have my little er calculator.
cos I have n't taken it out, but you know, I did n't think any more about it now we're going to church right away?
We're alright, there's nothing there that erm, needs to go into the fridge I think.
Oh yes, yes, I I know that, I all I was wondering was.
whether we needed to go back for anything to go in the fridge or freezer If I got this page sort of full by the end of the week, people there were picking out their, they were getting tea bags and coffee and biscuits, you know for two pages full, I've got one page full and of course with that I could get erm, packet of the Ferrera Roche.
Was n't you, were you going up that way you reckon going up that way?
Oh.
Oh this place is all.
Oh I'll get before this thing comes, oh he's pulling in for you.
Well he's pulling in, full stop and if he can see where he's going, well good on him lad, it's okay left.
Oh yes, there's room.
Bend right, be already to go out.
Got a light on here, now, look, that light.
Oh has it?
Well I'm not going out to buy any now I'm gon na wait till next week so we'll just have to.
have milk.
You've.
got some.
Where?
Well.
Well it's not here!
Well unle, unless you come up here and see if you can find it.
I mean if if you'd told you that dad was coming down which.
Well that's alright.
It's not fair.
I ca n't see anything there.
Well I suppose it must of been me but I have no idea when or why or where because I generally cut the erm side bits off.
Yeah, well I do n't know.
Anyway, there's none there.
If I'd have known I would have brought that this morning.
twenty pound!
No I'm, no I'm not blaming you!
I'm just saying I would have.
done it!
Well no!
Doing very well.
I thought there is but I mean before.
Oh!
One trying to get in one side and the other one I think that's what it was was n't it?
Well wha what did you want say?
Oh well.
He'll be wanting to go down there.
Were you thinking of going skiing er before then?
Well I suppose you could go off.
If you had n't of pulled my jacket I would of known that you.
wanted.
Did you see this erm, Bill then?
With somebody with fingers chopped off?
The fingers en route and for the purpose of being chilled were placed in a packet of ice lollies!
Oh God!
Yeah.
When the unpleasant severed object finally arrived at the hospital a nurse said brightly, normally one would, fingers crossed!
Can you see on the floor there to the left of the picnic table.
No on the floor.
Yeah.
Oh could well be.
Anyway the erm squirrel came and investigated.
Got it into its hand.
But then he decided he'd go and look for something else.
This way this morning.
It's nice.
I mean we can go down to the, drive out by the lakes.
Oh turn right, of course yes!
Oh dear dear dear dear!
I was thinking!!
Yes!
Yes!
With a lovely view!
If you'd gone that way.
Yeah.
That's right.
I mean she said it.
I think she said that there are no erm.
buses up there.
I think yeah.
I you know I'm.
not absolutely sure.
.We'll do ev, we'll be counting tomorrow so you can see Father.
Yes.
Only just gone?
Still sleeping was he?
Yeah, I suppose it was!
Yes!
No, but does n't it always go?
I always they're you know.
There he is there.
Is it?
Oh.
Oh.
But, in fa, I was just gon na say to you well the filter did n't go.
Just remember to take a few tins of things.
I was going to do it this morning and bring and for the box that they have the old prayer I think going up to Yugoslavia soon.
for foods and things.
like that.
And I meant you know, to bring some, I meant to put them out last night.
I'd been thinking of you know things that that I had that can go.
park on the grass when you do n't have to.
It seems to me that it does n't put a lot of weight on the grass.
be the best thing.
Hello!
Fine thank you.
I'm thick, I'm thicker than Henry's dad's.
Brian said that?
Is it that?
Oh no they're picking up somebody else there.
There, I said they.
Yes.
This one here, this family here I saw her come in first of all you see I wi with the legs!
And the bottom that sort of was really.
quite.
revealing!
She was only getting her paper was she?
Oh yes, that lady?
This one here?
Is she the one that read?
Oh yeah, one of the two.
Yeah.
It's nothing like that.


Oh!
So what!
It'll be away from the houses.
They probably run a road so that anybody can get onto it.
Make a road from that little sort of estate there and nobody get onto it.
It's.
I wish she would say it.
If we ever got confront her wi with Christopher when she was about.
She said, well why do they want to live in Exeter particularly?
I said well I'm su swear I could n't leave it.
Look after the children.
So erm she said oh what do you think?
Ever so much more expensive living there.
That's what she said!
She said they'd be much better to look for a house in this area but.
I do n't know, it's.
I would never ever say though.
No.
Yeah.
I said she'd just see telling them as well you know bu i it be better it's it's away fro, away from Newton Abbot.
It does i er, in fact, that really does n't even enter my mind.
Does it yours?
Awa away.
Wherever they are going.
Wherever they come will be sort of near but we'd still would never ever go and.
like, we'd never go and sort of erm disturb Richard and Chad do we?
And we never go up there unless it's.
Well we sat here with both Richard and Chad.
You see they had mm, er Friday off now they went off to Merryvale, which is fine!
I mean, I've no no er.
beef about that but because it was such a lovely day.
you know the we you would think, oh well perhaps they'd say to you or would.
you know, do you wan na come out that way?
Yeah.
That's what I thought, yeah.
Or, you know something like that but you see they what they keep thinking is that erm you know, they do n't to be together you know, on their own and this is the way I think they think.
Which is really quite right but then, I mean, you ca n't sort of just love needs to be sort of spread out a bit does n't it?
But, you know when I say it I'm not Ken and and Eva are the same, they do n't go up there.
you know willy-nilly And I think Jack and Toni goes in there once a week.
I think so.
You know.
erm or at least she used to when she was in the hospital.
She'd go in and sort of erm help her mum have a bath.
Christmas th they did, get windows on the side, to big windows she and that was that which is probably as well we.
Except the front ones.
Er.
No, I do n't want one just now, I may have one later, not just now cos I'll just have mineral water again.
Just water this time not erm.
Erm.
Is it is it boiled?
I get used to it.
Oh you've got your.
I might go for something.
What?
No, tha, yeah it will be.
cos it grows like that.
What's she been putting them in for?
It sounds to me with me being they got him the first the the their victims.
Well somewhere.
Gosh!
Probably.
safely.
Yo mean you know cos of.
Been a nasty accident happening to us.
No.
He needs buttering up.
See it does n't give addresses for the hotel.
It's, oh yeah call now on that's what you'll have to ri ing, the central or see your agent.
Perhaps see Tony tomorrow cos presumably you get a bit of commission.
Mm.
Do you?
You did it yourself.
Nobody was doing that then.
Yeah.
Absolutely!
I was looking at it the other day and I was thinking all the bits that are out now.
Still the holly even.
You know, with the erm.
Yeah!
Yeah..
What?
Really!
I suppose they have to keep the go-carts you know.
I suppose it's better than.
First time it was to the did he say whether Gavin got off alright?
Yeah.
Well it's what, dinner times or evening time?
That's the trouble with these damn.
you know they went and they tried for the erm flying business.
You get the extra days skiing in.
When you go down to again get him to give you that one.
Yeah.
Whereabouts have they gone? takes so long to get there so I mean.
Oh, well this is.
what I said!
She'd have to put that in the compost.
Well it's the fat.
Okay.
Well I always feed the birds.
Gave them a bit of chicken.
Not cooked or anything.
Oh!
I'll be glad to sit down again!
You've got the to do it and th I'll have to be ever so careful I'm we wearing a.
And so kept on finding bits of the erm Angora wool sort of in the.
I think there's only another one of these down there.
I shi, think I used it up.
So if I see any more offers ca n't seem to find any.
Found four erm.
Surprising to see children, they're going back so soon.
Did you do the erm this?
Quite a saga, you know all of this.
So with my doo da it puts out sort of.
It's Tuesday, yeah.
I've got this you know.
It means that when the.

But is he?
Oh I see.
Oh yes!
I must know how, I've been looking at at the.
Have they finished?
I could do with having someone to take this out.
Let's see and that could go to the compost.
Oh does he usually with the chair?
Well this is.
Do you think you could just sweep that up.
for me, to save me bending down there.
Hey?
Okay.
are they both?
Did he have a little cos he's in er oh no, of course he's wearing the blue of Scotland is n't he?
Mm.
Nice that is n't it?
, Andy Thompson innit?
So.
Bryant.
I'm going with David this Saturday.
Worked hard has n't he?
To get back there.
And he's come back and sort of go round the back cos that other fellow sort of he came down.
and then he appeared up the top there.
Please!
Come on then!
Oh it's gone further though this.
Well presumably they si, they have to throw or they're supposed to throw, or have they not?
Cos he just said that should of been enough.
Well that's much better than the other two is n't it?
And he's got two more balls.
Well, is that a problem?
He's gon na try and knock.
Yeah.
Oh it's going right through!
He's trying to knock David out of course is n't he?
Yeah.
I suppose you could say David had it so often that it be nice for him to get it.
He's only got one there.
The re.
Still only got one.
Yes.
Well he's got three so this is the fourth one from this fellow is n't it?
And Bryant has the last one?
No.
So it just needs David to get through?
He can do what he likes.
with this last ball really.
This red one.
Oh not just, not just one ball he needs to play.
but two.
Oh dear!
So has that fellow won it?
Oh gosh!
It does n't matter then.
It's out.
Right.
I'll put these on for erm I bet erm Bryant was sort of he was n't feeling he's hard done by and i in fact he, you know went.
He's always pleasant.
great grandfather a big house.
before he was married his employer pictures off the wall and gave them to him.
as a wedding present.
Cos ours is eighteen something or other is n't it?
Ours looks homemade to me.
Mm?
Mm.
You could n't get them actually.
Yes.
taking them indoors though.
About twenty three she would of said.
herself, yeah.
Anyway erm what sh when I said to you when you, you said to me last thing oh yes that's right, and he, anybody that father's spoken to who has sort of had this Walkman on him, which has had umpteen sort of erm batteries and what have you tapes conversations, now she'll be back again next Friday er to pick it up.
That's, that's, that's what it was when you, you know, saying you're coming back next Friday, that's what it was because father said to me what, what, what erm when is coming so I said well I do n't know.
But er she's coming a and gives him twenty five pounds for what he's done oh he came in, he came into the kitchen, it's ever so funny, he came into the kitchen to tell me about this you see Anyway he came back in there and I said to him I'm not really enthusiastic about the thought er thinking that I was involved with this as well so the dear woman turned round and said to me it's only your husband so I said well I'd better go back in the kitchen where I know my place.
I slapped my hand.
No but anyway, that erm well, well we, well he is going to be twenty five pounds better off.
am I getting it?
Oh I'm gon na have the twenty five pounds.
Oh it's only vouchers is it?
Oh I thought it was money.
I expect Dixons.
Anyway er so they're coming anyway.
Well erm I hope that erm you, wo n't be too long before you're reunited with your husband.
He's gon na have it at Wendy's, I said to Bridget oh he said no because I've.
Yeah cos erm he's taking erm erm David up to Andover which is his next posting.
and David phone him up and said will you take us up dad.
Cheek is n't it really, I mean he could have got the train could n't he?
I gather there's a yeah alright.
all is forgiven.
But no yes.
so he'll be, he'll be back later on tonight obviously.
Aah you're, and you're on earlies tomorrow?
Oh well yeah, thank you.
What?
Yeah I knew there was you see.
you know Austria and Switzerland.
Erm what was I going to say?
Oh yes, I know, this that one is really and truly an office lamp.
Yes.
Yeah I mean it, it's perfect really for er well for me cos.
as well.
erm you know when the light.
Well that, that's, you know, too hot I think to have that one on today so m so much milder.
But erm.
Right.
Have you got the erm that paper that had that sort of erm.
I have n't touched it.
What do you mean I must have picked it up?
I would never have taken anything out of that book that you had put in because I would n't have known what it was about.
What day was it?
Here are these here.
that I've just picked up off the here.
I like the way I must have taken it out.
Perhaps that's what you intended doing and never got around to doing.
Well I.
had n't even seen it.

If it's cold they'll give you a fire.
They'll give you a fire if it's cold the other day when Tony was here with his mum they had a fan heater.

Morning Muriel.
Alright?
You look a bit sleepy.
A hamster?
Oh I see.
You'll have to give up hamsters wo n't you, most definitely.
Oh you've got two have you?
Well!
Perhaps they have to have their noisy times sometimes.
Nocturnal, yes.
nocturnal?
I suppose they are.
Cos there was only one collection yesterday was n't there?
Are n't we the lucky ones today.
I think we've only had one for ages and ages.
Oh we.
If there is n't a collection though, an official one, they'll have one of their own for the.
I think the Bishop's cutting out the.
He cut them down, that's right, yes, yes.
Quite right.
Quite right.
Now, what was I going to do?
Oh.
before the envelopes.
This got missed out?
Well you'll check it anyway.
Oh, oh we of little faith.
Have you broken up erm.
Do you have the whole week off?
Oh that's good.
Thursday?
Oh yes I think erm Paul broke up on Thursday.
Ah that's what it is is n't it?
Yes, mm.
Just gives you an extra day off does n't it?
Think that's what they organize it for really.
I've probably got one in my bag anyway.
Well we keep on trying Father we do n't get a lot of encouragement, I mean you're only having one collection on Sunday nowadays.
Doris, you're quite elderly are n't you?
I'm very elderly, my husband's very elderly, we manage very well.
Well I'm on my way there anyway you see.
But some people feel the cold more than others.
Do n't they?
Well when we have our meeting.
Are you going to put a new fire in or something?
Cos we have our meetings.
But we, did n't we.
Oh well we've never known that have we?
Cos it was sort of insured when we first took it over.
Oh I see.
Is the insurance through the diocese Father?
No.
I see.
Mhm.
Mhm.
Yes.
No well we do n't know, we had thought that it was.
Especially after.
it was all done up.
Yes after it was sort of.
renovated.
How funny, he never ever said anything like that to us.
You've not heard that either?
told me.
But they had I do n't know if you know it had been absolutely dilapidated, the hall, I mean it was absolutely run down and it was n't used.
But then there was this erm er er what was it called?
The scheme er er to help.
The scheme, the youth scheme and er.
youngsters.
so that if.
if I had anything to do with it, I would like those, those gas fires that we've got in the room at the back of the church there, they're ideal.
The trouble is there's.
there's no gas.

they are now, perhaps if you had a word with them.
Yeah.
Yes.
Presumably there's no gas here is there?
You have got gas here, yes, mhm there's gas.
Yes mhm.
Mm.
But you see the rent Father.
the rent of the hall is very cheap.
But they have to put fifty pence into the.
the meter.
That's that's fifty pence a yes?
Mhm mhm.
But i i i if you find out about the insurance, see what that is.
and then perhaps sort of contact the gas people again and see.
I mean this was, how long ago?
About seven years ago so.
Yeah.
No.
Well it would be worthwhile investigating anyway.
after we hear about the insurance.
Yeah it's all go is n't it?


I thought I was giving you a lift.
Well I, I thought of perhaps, you know, of giving you a lift somewhere.
Well it makes you feel that you might do a bit of work with something.
Yeah.

You've got a nice lot of roses have you?
Have you got a big garden?
Biggish?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yes.
You do n't need so much now anyway.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.

We've only got a very tiny little garden.
er but.
mm we've got erm just a little erm front garden.
but we've a lovely lot of daffodils, they're all out now they're really beautiful.
and crocuses.
and erm snowdrops.
We've got a little tiny pond in one half of the front garden.
and er that's very nice.
to see the fishes and.
Yeah.
Before we came over here when we lived in we had an enormous front lawn.
and the back well it must have been the best part of should think a third of an acre.
plot that we were on.
not the time we did n't, we have n't got the to.
That's right.
That's right.
Yeah.
Mm.
Yeah.
Yeah but erm we used to have just an.
he said he.
To cut the grass.
We did n't have an erm mower in those days either did we?
No.
Yes mhm.
But we've only got a ti now we've only got a tiny little lawn.
but I mean if it was sort of about s s five yards, it would n't be five yards by three yards.
Yeah now ours were nothing like, I mean.
half this room and that would be our lawn in the front.
Not, you know, would n't even be as long as that.
But we've got sort of as I say the daffodils out there and.
No we do n't, we never take ours up.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh yes?
Yes mhm.
Well ours are, ours are lovely at the moment erm.
as I say erm we've got those but we were looking the other day and were quite amazed at how many different flowers there are out.
You know oh there's a out there as well is n't there?
Er we've got a magnolia tree sort of out the front.
er we had a lovely one but frost got that a couple of years ago.
But this one erm.
you know, it looks as if it it will sort of er be showing you know quite.
ones.
star ones, you know?
But erm and then we've got still, we, we were looking we've still got holly with berries.
Yeah.
Mm.
Yeah, yes.
And we've got a.
on, on the side.
and that's got erm got a lot of berries as well.
But erm, mind you the birds we've got I do n't know how many ever so fond of his birds.
and he hangs up nuts, I think he's got about.
four different little net things of nuts.
and he's made a little sort of bird house.
er and a seed, we er hang up a seed thing so we've got loads of birds come.
which is sort of quite pleasant.
We also have the squirrels coming.
Oh they are.
Yeah we saw that.
yeah.
that one.
Yeah, yeah.
That's right yeah.
When when we have my daughter's dog with us.
erm she just takes off and.

Oh yeah.
Yeah?
Yeah, yeah.
Oh yes.
well Jess, Jess will sort of, if a cat came into our garden, she'd see it off.
she would see it off in no time at all.
But we seem to er where we live erm at the top of Church Road.
you're going down into park.
whole lot of those sort of big houses have been converted into flats.
and erm I think there must be some people there who have brought cats in because all of a sudden there are a whole lot of cats about which there were n't before you see.
so that er they, they have n't learned to keep out of our garden yet.

on for dear life.
Aah.
It's amazing how it all seems to happen, in a way, quickly.
Yeah.
too much.
Look at my windows and think it's about time they were cleaned.
That's right, yeah.
Another penny would have made it a tidy.
Mm.
Ah well it's got ta go into Muriel.
Oh we'd better write in the.
One eighty.
thirty fifty.
twenty two forty.
Now I, is that just silver?
Twenty four sixty and bronze is the same together.
One forty nine.
So that's is ten nineteen two and four So is that three fifty eight?
Erm that's one one ninety nine three over seven eight, eighteen twenty one, twenty three, twenty five and cheques two hundred is it?
That's what I was saying you see, that's.
That's what I was saying that.
erm.
it's amazing.
the bank?
Oh Tony's?
Yes.
You've got to bring money first, yes.
Oh.
You've just got the two coming?
Shame they ca n't get together is n't it?
Think so.
Did n't you write it in?
Yeah.
Oh you thought eight weeks.
Mm.
As you say all down the side there they are all out.
I ca n't remember when, which cos if you remember I bought some late some sort of bulbs and I ca n't remember which.
And you put those in and I ca n't remember where.
Is this the erm the.
faulty one?
Er do you want your dinner at dinner time or.
Oh do n't bother with it.
I mean.
Oh yes there's that time is n't there?
Yes.
Oh I can see a bag of crisps there, I think I'll indulge.
Did they?
Oh.
Cos I was thinking.
The thing about it is, I mean they've all got eat their words now have n't they?
I mean they've all been sort of saying oh well you know it's ridiculous to take him, let him play his panto and then sort of just join.
the thing, I mean everybody's been complaining about that but considering all that he has n't done bad has he?
Oh.
Oh so they've done what they've got to do.
Yeah.
Yes of course these bookings had to made by the twenty fifth of th of erm February did n't they?
Twenty fifth.
Twenty sixth, twenty sixth.
Oh so that's Wednesday You can even get to the Imperial for two ninety seven pounds per person for five nights.
If you think what the Imperial in Torquay is anyway.
Mm.
Yeah.
Oh so they had n't have had that at Woodbridge.
Lavenham they have erm at the Swan there.
T O P E that was.
name?
Well I never ever.
heard of them.
Mm now what does it say it was, erm.
Mm oh well.
No?
Sorry?
What was it?
S.
Yeah?
S blank.
Superseded.
I often can see it.
when it's written down.
supersede or supersedes or superseded.
S E D E.
a funny thing the, the chappy who you know erm was in the Neighbours and then became a pop star and all the rest.
well I'm trying to think what he was called in it but his father his own father is in fact Doug Willis in the series who's the father of the that girl Cody.
and what not.
he plays father of four Doug Willis in the series and also told Woman's Own magazine that the family on screen a happy on screen family life made a welcome change from real life.
He brought up Jason alone after splitting from the boy's mother Sue and said I'm very proud I'm very pro that sort of thing ohm.
No it's alright I, I answered myself.
I said yes you did.
Bring out knives.
Mm.
I thought that.
goes with that.
With the two you get Tesco's premium teabags, a hundred plus Tesco's freeze dried gold coffee, two hundred grammes of that plus packet of erm biscuits.
Well the teabags do n't mean anything to us really.
Well that's if you get the, the next page which means that you have to have twenty stamps in all.
You have to have four completed pages.
and with that you would get erm.
I'm not likely to have that next week, that's.
going to need.
No.
But then we do n't use teabags do we?
I mean.
they could go to parish hall but I'm thinking to myself well why bother?
But erm.
Well the coffee is what we got the other day.
Something like that, yeah.
And I've got a spare one of those anyway have n't I?
I bought a spare one anyway.
And you see other than that there's just the biscuits.
And we've got plenty of biscuits there.
Premium teabags, a hundred and sixty plus the freeze dried gold coffee plus spec erm Fox's speciality selection biscuits.
With the four completed pages you get a large frozen chicken er six pounds six pounds four ounces plus erm party size, fourteen portions black forest gateau plus a bottle of Bordeaux white wine.
Yes that, that would be ridiculous would n't it?
Cos I'd need to spend.
Well erm four completed pages, twenty stamps you need to have two hundred pounds in all.
And you see I've got.
I've got sixty.
No point.
I'll leave it as it is I think because.
the teabags do n't mean anything to us.
and and I have got.
I mean it would be just as well to buy another thing of coffee because at the moment you get that extra little erm.
jar for any, any, free anyway.
So well we could go out there anyway to see whether they've got any er you see if they carried it on for another month.
but it was only for February.
Oh yes we could get that, yes.
You crafty devil you.
Erm what I do need, but I'll see how expensive they are, a lettuce but I can go out and buy a lettuce anyway erm.
salad for tonight.
Yes.
What were you looking for?
Oh.
Sorry?
Oh well I.
I think we can do without the erm the other things.
You know, this fund raising, it's I mean we, we'll be giving them over a thousand pound, well a thousand pound anyway.
well.
Yeah well it may well be.
And erm you know the other things that you do.
They have come on well have n't they?
Yeah.
able to plant them out then.
We could bring that other erm.
There's erm And I mean looking after the parish hall as well, why should we bother with that?
I mean we we have more than done what was supposed to be to start with to see that it was n't a drain on the parish.
must get bored silly not being able to get out.
I mean you're gon na get twenty five pounds in vouchers or something are n't you?
I do n't know what kind of vou did she say what?
Well it's only Friday, I mean we can.
pay for it now.
I mean what are the vouchers gon na be for?
Probably be Smith's.
taking off across the road like that in front of a car.
You'd think they want to commit suicide would n't you?
There's ever so many more people about, it's a nice day of course.
but as well as that of course there are all the school children around.

No the fellow's stopped there, taking the cart off to go in there.
Yeah.
He's shaking his head like mad.
What was he supposed to be shaking his head for?
Cos I was shaking mine at him.
perhaps.
It was, he did n't put on.
suddenly swept in there.
another bank there, talking about a clothes bank.
Yeah?
Oh.
It did say something in that little magazine that came yesterday.
Yes it did come to think of it.
So they're actually doing something about this looks almost as if they're putting steps in there.
See where that erm thing is there oh there's a place there by the.
Oh someone here look see.
It was n't a big enough room there.
Oh I see they're painting up there.

Was it really?
Er I was looking at these and er you get, you know, with the er a set of free.
for one twenty eight.
Three packs of three, I was just wondering if that's good value for.
Is n't it?
It was nine you know.
Well I was just thinking, you know, w er when we have the kids with us and that sort of thing, presumably we'll be having some of them down over erm Easter.
Yeah I know, you know, really to I do n't know what we've got downstairs if any.
I mean it's mostly for the kids or if, w when we're travelling in the car anywhere.
Can you remember how much those biscuits were?
Yes packet that packet there.
Fifty t I thought they were fifty something but I did n't know.
and the two lots of erm coffee.
I mean I had them in my erm handbag and I think I must have just chucked them out this morning.
Well I suppose if I take fifty two out and I've got to.
Well Wednesday morning.
away till Thursday well we wo n't see her Wednesday and I've got to tell her about that Mrs what's her name that's.
Well apparently.
Er I said to Muriel.
oh maybe it was n't you, maybe it was erm Doris.
the second, I must get that ten pence off there, that's June's, that's not bad and that one's July but that's March the second I should have remembered that today.
Yeah.
What, what, do you want to find out how much for new ones?
Well you may as well give them a ring, you found their number did n't you?
Yeah that's right.
He's supposed to be he's supposed to be the real expert for those.
Yes the erm coffee is two lots of one eighty nine so that's three seventy eight is n't it?
Oh that's lovely, three years ago my sister died leaving a household of two men, my brother-in-law aged eighty and myself approaching retirement age to cope with ourselves, to cope for ourselves.
Er because neither of us could really manage in the kitchen it was not long before we became very tired of having to eat convenience food sad looking old meat pies, dried out chips and heated up frozen vegetables soon palled.
I began to despair in the local press I noticed an advert for an evening class, cookery for men being the young one in the family I plucked up courage and enrolled but it was great, with great apprehension that I went to the first class.
I need n't have worried.
There were twenty of us, other chaps in much the same boat as me, Nancy our tutor was cheerful, down to earth and did not expect us to be cordon bleu cooks.
That course changed my life.
With a mixture of demonstrations, simple methods and constant humour, Nancy taught us to fend for ourselves.
I now have the confidence to tackle almost anything in the kitchen, pies, pastas, cakes, soups, meat dishes, vegetables and bread.
There have been many disasters along the road, Yorkshire puddings you could sole your shoes with, burnt offerings of several varieties, a pat that even my dog would n't eat and last Christmas a chocolate log that disintegrated, the proud little Santa on top sinking without trace in a sea of chocolate gunge.
These setbacks however were more than compensated for by the successes.
We still keep meat pies and vegetables in the freezer but only for emergencies and I'm in the third year of the course now.
Oh that's lovely.
He got fifty pounds for writing that in as well.
I was taking my very independent three year old daughter for a walk and I asked her to hold my hand.
I can hold my own hand thank you came the reply and she did.
Mm.
No.
Oh dear, you'd say this would be me as I was leaving the travel agents I heard a woman say my friend and I want to get away from it all, can you recommend somewhere completely unspoiled with a really nice shopping area.
Oh that's a good idea.
Use dampened string when tying up parcels, when the string dries it shrinks and.
makes your parcel more secure.
It goes round it.
You ought to give John a ring tonight.
you know and sort of erm tell him.
what we've done, you know say that you we only want to see.
while you're still able sort of comfortably to drive and that sort of thing, I mean if you put it that way and you'll be saying anyway she's my er she's my only living.
real relative.
I know they are of course.
er because er her children but erm say that we we did n't want to sort of upset her by erm you know.
landing ourselves.
on them so.
we've arranged this five day break.
How far round do we have to go on that?
Do we?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah yeah.

So you're going, you will be at three.
What's the time now?
Oh yes erm.
I'm just going to do er a salad are n't I?
And.
and erm.
cold chicken yes, and you can have the the other little erm apricot thing and there there is a yoghurt which I'm quite happy enough to have.
so.
Is n't it in there?
Oh.
Well it must be in the front here of my, here one of those two small.
Oh.
Yes it could be.
They said, they erm they said something or other they were going to be closing down somewhere in Cornwall because the Directory Enquiry service was not being used.
and you're ch you're charged for it.
Oh and not from a phone box.
Oh well.
Well do you know I never knew this I was recently hit by a car and, although not seriously hurt, I did go to casualty to have some cuts cleaned and an X-ray taken to check I had n't broken my ankle.
Now I have received a bill for nineteen pounds thirty from the hospital for the treatment I was given.
I thought all treatment was free on the N H S, do I have to pay and they answer no, nor should you have been sent the bill although the hospital was within its rights to make a charge for the emergency treatment fee.
There is a standard charge for immediate treatment given by a doctor or a hospital to any casualty of a road accident.
According to the nineteen eighty eight Road Traffic Act the E T F can be charged only to the driver of the car involved irrespective of who caused the accident.
The hospital should therefore have sent the bill to the driver who will be able to claim for it.
insurance.
All policies must cover many insurers will reimburse it.
Return the bill to the hospital and explain their error then you should hear nothing further about it.
Ah you see here's somebody who's writing about, you know, her part of the erm the interest on an er on erm and it says and provided you have no other income er that would take you over your personal allowance register for on the Inland Revenue form R eighty five, interest with no tax deductions.
You can also get this form tax office or bank.
If you register immediately you'll benefit from a whole year's worth of tax free interest for what's calculated on April the fifth.
If your building society wo n't allow you to register you can still apply for a refund of overpaid tax financial year.
For details see leaflet one R hundred and eleven, how to claim a repayment of tax from banks and building societies.
So I should go into the tax office and.
Yeah I know you sent that to the building society but I was.
just thinking then of the other.
Yeah.
the, the tax office and ask them.
I should have heard from them by now.
No no no no, I've seen one since then.
Bearing in mind too that as a non-taxpayer you can open an account in just your name and so enable all the interest to be declared gross.
do you?
That one we had first so.
just find it in the fridge.
I bought some ham as well today you know.
because I like chicken with.
and then some time, these.
the erm, you know they had some sausage left over, so I thought if I cook them then you know, if you wanted to we could cook the ham.
or we can have.
ham tomorrow.
or something, but I cooked.
Where did I put that?
You put it there and I put it somewhere else.
I thought I put it over there, erm I would only want half of these potatoes, would you manage those?
Well they're all big now are n't they?
There was one that I had to throw away because it was erm.
all damaged at one end and I, you know, erm thought I'd cut that away.
but in fact it was bad all the way through.
so, I must confess when I say that we've had bad, like that time when Did you give er Lucy back her English?
I thought she was clutching it as she went past here but erm, oh you've had some?
This is the cheesy one I bought some beetroot the other day, they had some nice little ones, which I must cook, they were ever so cheap, I've forgotten how cheap but you know they were really cheap.
Now can you see what I did with the lid at them?
Oh perhaps I never had it a man came here, from somebody or other double glazing.
I thought it might of been Pat sort of at that time, but erm when I looked out I saw a man with a billboard thing.
Oh is she?
No I do n't think any of them have you see.
Yes that's right.
She is, gave her some of the warnings that er.
I should n't think it great easy to fall off a boat actually would you?
Oh yeah but I mean if you're sitting on a seat or if you've got sort of have the rails.
looking at the water, I think you would have to sort of climb up over the rails to fall in would n't you?
Mm.
I always took the point about the children in the hall did n't they?
They had n't thought about that do you know, I reckon that Sister Josephine erm behind all this, she wanted that hall and she and Father used to talk about this you see they want to extend the church back and do away with the car parking area as well, oh that's alright, but erm sort of ca n't see any point in it, I mean congregations are going down, they're not increasing, the church is big enough for what is necessary I would of thought would n't you?
Do n't need a cathedral in it.
I would n't of thought they'd do that.
They'd of more like I would of thought close King Staiton because Saint Gregory's was a purpose built church.
but I never forget the way that Doreen when she said we were doing things, she said you should n't of started it she said, you'll only get kicked in the teeth at Saint Joseph's.
Oh yes right from the beginning.
Yes, when we came out here I'll never forget Mark, not even saying thank you, not, not even for raising the money I mean I would n't expect that from the parishioners, that's what we should be trying to do, but even for the food and that, till erm Kitty and and the way he got up then and said it, most ungraciously.
With him, well for some reason he does n't like us, well, you say I was thinking, I've been thinking as you know this is the sort of thing that I, gets on to my mind, but I was thinking to myself well really and truly we are so honest people ourselves, we do n't go round you know and screw sort of fiddling things, I suppose it comes to hard to us when we discover other people have.
but I know Kay was n't very pleased with Sister about these sort of erm stout things, cos Sister said well if they're not collected by the time of the next jumble, we sort of empty the cupboard and put them all in for erm the jumble sale Kay said to me they're not hers to do that with.
No, no, no that was, I mean Kay did what she had to do and sort of got the person.
to do it, but Sister would n't of even have that, she would of just erm, chucked them, but I know Kay put a lot of work into, she's not coming.
Whoever is due to come.
Our prayers have been answered tell them.
Some justice yet.
When are they going, tomorrow is that?
I was thinking of him.
today, at this erm.
planning, what did he say?
Turned down.
She'd say they've just had a restaurant there, that would n't be so bad as a take away But getting back to the finances, I mean the Two Hundred Club over the years it has been in operation, I mean with what it gets this, what they get this year, supposing it's not a thousand, supposing eight hundred, it might even be about eight thousand might n't it?
Mm and I was just wondering if that is your girl who is due to come at a quarter past six then she erm.
And I thought they were going to the meeting er on Friday because I knew they were both off.
Are you having any more of this?
Mm, it was were n't it?
I do n't know why I've done this whole plate.
I mean when you consider that the cost of those chickens.
somewhere else, mind you they were very cheap ones, where was that?
Was it in erm Sainsbury's?
Could of been.
in Exeter last week, took, made me think about him I think.
in the fridge Oh leave this washing up, come and have your erm, sweet.
er, well there's hardly that much to do there actually.
this thing, this erm, sort of a dinner I think.
Alright?
Is it alright, you know quite happy with this?
The Father came out this morning to say that the hall could, one of the first things Father told him was that the hall could n't be insured, I mean it even staggered erm Doris, cos she's not heard of that before, impressed, I do n't know what impressed is, but.
Yeah jointly insured for major contingencies and potential legal liabilities, the recent re review however has highlighted that we can only insure our own legal liabilities and that we can not insure or assume responsibility for your prudential legal liabilities.
This is to the rent is?
We insure.
I mean you showed that to Father when it was all, cos was n't there something.
No not to Father.
Father Michael.
That's right.
Yeah.
That's right.
Anyway, I think we'd better say well look.
Father we're too old to be.
Yes Before you throw that water away we need to wash the grill pan now sorry I just.
ha, see anything else.
apart from anything else we might not be allowed to do anything like cooking or having sort of things to sell like that in the hall.
Well.
No, I think you just wash your hands, that's it, cos we've done long enough and I mean from say the Sunday thing, I mean we've never ever thought of the Sunday making thing, being a profit making thing have we?
That was always right from the beginning.
it was always sort of for social thing and pe people could n't pay well that was alright, they did n't pay as you say, we've done our whack really.
By the way is there anything we need to record, something.
There is a.
Yeah that's right, mm, that's erm what's his name, is n't it?
John Stapleton.
But is there not something on at seven?
On I T V, I make, I make the erm soup sort of peppery have some.
It's got one of those letters Father gave you, Father Michael gave you.
erm on the way it might be an idea to take it down with you.
I mean I think you could say that while you were.
only a short time ago.
you know and Father's given you this.
to give to any of our.
erm well I was gon na come down as you know and sort of do something about the loos, but.
what, what I wondered was if you can take some bleach down, I think there's probably some down in the loo downstairs, and at least put some of that into, can you do that?
And, what are you doing afterwards?
Coming back home?
Well I was just wondering, I wanted to go up to, or if you're at the bank you'll be near the income tax office would n't you?
And if you could pop in there, you know what it is I'm.
wanting, you know say that I sent away for erm.
you know but, but.
about three weeks ago.
you know and if there is a form to fill in or whatever.
you see cos you've got to get it filled in, in this financial year.
Is n't there some in the.
Well do you think you could pop upstairs and look and see if I've got by any chance have.
And you see they say that erm snowdrops really want The best way to sort of erm increase them is just sort of.
pick out a lot of those and then put them in another part of the garden.
They, they're two ninety?
Should be nice fuchsia there fuchsias.
Oh yes.
Yes mm child's by the size of it.
I thought it was a little er blackbird.
Mm.
you wear it.
you're.
skiing.

Let me get my broth back.
Oh Oh we'll go back home if that's alright.
Unless you want to go somewhere else.
Well it's up to you cos I'm quite happy to go have that little walk, I wanted a little walk.
Oh no no no, I mean I'm alright if I sort of get on a a straight because oh these that are coming out.
that is out.
No I'm alright as it happens, so that's okay.
it's still okay left if you want to nip over oh back this way.
Did you hear Christopher saying that he was going to be getting erm a new Cavalier?
Having, having booked it that morning.
was it now?
Was he.
Twenty pounds a month less was it?
Oh I thought it was more than that.
They hoped it would get through.
He says he was gon na have to get something anyway was n't he?
Yes.
Oh look.
that's one of those erm handicapped.

David could have gone to it.
Remember your mother taking David up to Birmingham way where they had erm big new.
Oh I thought it was me making all that noise.
I was breathing and I could hear sort of I was thinking first of all it was coming from, you know somewhere outside like somebody.
sawing a tree or something.
Widening the road here or something.
cos that was a bend there was n't it, obviously.
Gosh the valley goes really far down there.
one or two houses, you know, when I caught sight of it first I do n't see them now.
He must have been fishing.
He's got a big keeper net there.
Was the disabled toilet alright?
Nice little waterfall things.
It's good to have those on the ground, you know, for people who are gosh who are you know incapacitated.
But sometimes people think well they're only for disabled but I do n't believe that's so.
because I think to myself well you know if there are no disabled people about, and more often than not there are not why should n't anybody use them?
we're going past.
big erm tree.
The thing is beginning to look you know light comes.
through it.
had to take a sort of erm south to erm not just thought of both the names and the other one but they would be nearer to Exeter but it would n't be sort of in Exeter itself I was thinking, you know, probably get erm you know, see if there's any new houses being built there and what sort of price and what have you.

Well it's sort of on its way to Exeter.
Chudleigh.
Mm we have n't been through this way for a long time have we?
Could you?
Well I suppose it's not far to go home for a well it'd be nice if we saw somewhere that was nice.
Or do you know somewhere?
The The Olde Lion, do n't think we'll go there.
open for lunch and dinner.
The Coach.
House Funnily enough I was going to say to you when we were out at erm Dartington instead of buying that ice cream, we should of had a cup of tea probably would of been about the same price, and so.
Probably the tea would of been better for us.
Small development, that must, that must be down there somewhere.
But you see practically anywhere here would be within Christopher's.
erm you know, distance into Exeter.
I mean he was saying that er erm what do you call him?
Yeah he lives in erm in, in.
Oh there i there is new housing, you know, there's more.
development er back there, that's what made me think of it.
They would n't want to be near warehousing units of course but erm there's a lot of new building going on and with so much competition Thinking of Imelda for a job, I mean there's, there's loads of places here as well for her Exeter Hospital you know the Torbay.
Somebody mind you was on about Torbay this morning on the radio I think it was saying that there were so many complaints and nurses are under such great stress.
And I was very naughty I, I felt like saying well some of their, they, them are n't er do you remember the very last time we were up in the hospital at the waiting area, there was those two nurses that walked up and down.
about five times doing nothing.
So really and truly I mean it's not all nurses that are so stressed.
I'm sure there are some who are you know, are in a bad way and they're having to do other things that they should n't be doing.
But this is the trouble with everybody these days is n't it?
Everybody just wants to do what they should be doing whereas with my job it never even thought about it did we?
Tell you what erm when we get into you can just drop me down to the greengrocer near the church because I'm out of erm spring onions and if I wanted to add up to that bit of salad that we've got.
tonight, if you're gon na have that, oh I can have a bit some other night then.
But this week is the last that we can go to the erm Beefeater and get that.
yeah.
off the cost of a meal.
And then you get half of a bottle of wine as well or something.
Got double lines coming up that's funny stuck there like that.
Oh it was just two.

see them?
Oh could be for a signpost, yes it could indeed.
red car's coming, coming as well.
And another one as well coming.
He's going to tr she, he or she is going to try and go now.
He is telling it to go now look, you see he's put on his lights.
Yeah Wonder why the police car put its lights on at that moment.
Oh you were quite legit.
Yeah.
It never came did it?
But I think the, the tractor driver put on his lights.
to say it was clear.
I was thinking when Daniel was down here that erm Paul you know and all his girlfriends, various girlfriends, for a long time now and I said something to Daniel well you know are you sort of courting yet?
No.
And I do n't think Tim is very interested.
I think there's many more women driving now are n't there?
If you look.
going round anyway so she's going round as well.
Colin something or other?
I forgot in that second what it was.
It was Colin somebody.
Yeah.
I should think in this day and age they could.
Yeah.
Mm.
Oh but this is the erm council office as well is n't it?
at the back of the houses there but erm There's that and then there's the new doctor's surgery.
That's been pulled to bits in the erm press.
I've not seen a lot of it actually, so far.
Did you ever get in touch with the erm.
It's not A T S.
Well what was the one that erm Maurice gave you?
It was n't A T S was it?
No.
Yeah.
round the corner.
You'll be in the car.
He's listening you see.
Go on, have a drink something.
Oh those daffodils are really coming out now are n't they?
Oh one's gone right up to the top of the.
Even so I mean we might not be so lucky.
Please.
Now is there going to be enough there, salad- wise?
I mean are you going to.
Cos I got that other meat, the red meat to do for a supper but I can do that for tomorrow.
Does she.
Oh these bits?
Oh you were?
Sorry.
But then he'd, apparently he seemed to have an older brother with him.
It said something about.
the older brother had said, I, I ca n't really remember what it.
was.
The child is still very seriously ill in the hospital.
it could be I have to put in my erm investment.
interest as well.
Oh that's right, that's right.
But you have to put that and put your erm.
Mm.
They can find that ou find out the interest I suppose.
I'm just looking at the selection of flowers.
And, when, was it November?
But I, I do n't always put it in do I?
Well just to get some of that erm.
Soup mix, yes.
I mean I know it's stupid er I just wanted to and there's no hurry at all for it and if you'd rather go somewhere else now.
let's go there another time, I do n't mind.
We'll wander round, I mean let's to know that we can sort of just have a little walk as it were.
Oh they've got names on those gates now, did you notice that?
No on erm.
the, what do you call them's?
The's.
The cottage is on one side and something on the other.
And it's something on a big gate.
This can be our half term treat.
Right.
Where did Richard say was yesterday?
You said something or other to him.
Helen's is she?
Cos they do n't have half terms do they?
Oh do they?
Yeah.
Dog warden yes, mm.
Now I filed my nail this morning cos it was catching, I did n't file it long enough obviously, but I filed it with that erm you know you opened up the.
and left the f the file on the windowsill I hope he pulls in and lets people go past.
Oh he's going left.
Oh yes, mm.
Oh he's going right right into there.
What were we talking about?
I was talking about something, I do n't know mentioned about Paul and then I'd said about Helen.
Anyway erm Richard was feeling quite relieved about the.
about the.
No I do n't blame him, I mean.
lot of times I've, you know, thinking sort of is sh.
That's right.
Yeah, that was what he was thinking of.
much he reckons his house is worth now.
But I suppose in a way they would have then been contemplating selling their own house and getting somewhere else before in fact.
Yes I think, that's what I was thinking of.
Did we come out this far then?
Oh yes.
Yes.
said there might be this afternoon.
I have n't seen any primroses sort of like in the hedges yet.
but erm yes the garden's alright but then they've been there in the garden all the winter as well.
Look!
Tony and Doreen will be back tomorrow wo n't they?
Thursday they said.
Oh yes, that's right.
Said she'd try and er.
before the weekend, you know, to say.
when they could come.
She said that had been her first earliest morning.
She did n't say anything about the.
possibility of a new job and I did n't mention it to her.
I got the feeling Bob said it was n't.
We ought to go down and investigate the erm the you know.
I know people say well oh it's, of course it's changed ownership, well things change ownership and it can be for the better as well for the worst ca n't it?
The sit down snack bar.
or something.
Did n't get to read.
Think that er sounded like a snack bar that might be on a.
lay-by or something.
Oh it is a lay-by, yes.
Yes that'll be it.
Mm.
Perhaps it's market day at Totnes?
It's funny er when Richard came in the other day and said he'd been he'd been to the dentist and you said oh well they have n't been in touch with us yet.

Oh is that her name?
You can walk along the river ca n't you erm that's at Dartington is n't it?
And that's where you can walk along and you, you know, er when there are salmon leaping.
I thought there was somewhere.
They've got that erm got that big sculpture somewhere about there.
Somewhere near the college I think.
I just ca n't remember.
Was it through the grounds of the.
college.
that I'm thinking of?
Are there lights?
side and Dart side.
I ca n't really remember where it was exactly.
We did walk somewhere one time and erm very very nice the it must have been the time when the salmon were riverside walk.
Still got a lot of erm.
Making new roads?
Oh.
Wonder if the only time I was, when I saw this, was.
somewhere er when Christopher was with us.
Well it does n't matter really, it was just that I sort of.
No it was n't, it was in here in the grounds of erm Dartington.
I'm wondering whether it was erm one ti er we, we walked up a hill and the the erm sculpture was sort of up on a hill.
Yeah.
Funny is n't it?
Have to ask Christopher if he knows.
I ca n't think of how we got in.
Th there's that but that looks fairly.
There's a bridge somewhere, do you know a bridge anywhere here?
Funny is n't it?
I, I have got a sort of vague feeling that maybe it was n't with you we walked along it, maybe it was Christopher and Amanda.
This is all the college buildings is n't it?
Gallery and.
car park for residents only.
He's turning right as well.
Oh is this the.
Oh this is the car park is it?
Yeah.
Oh well here's the college that I saw.
art and design, up there somewhere, yeah.
office Department of Art and Design.
Cos Sue might well be coming there.
cottages.
All these sleeping policemen they've got.
I suppose with all the students wandering about pedestrians Yes I wonder where that was cos I'm sure there was a Henry Moore sculpture.
Yeah.
Well there, it was there.
that we walked to.
No we sort of.
we walked up.
to the like a field but we were near to the river when we saw the erm.
salmon.
Oh so you knew about the Henry Moore statue there?
Yeah well er you see this was in the grounds at Dartington.
as I said.
Well y we walked.
like er it would be a sort of.
hill like that, a grassy place.
suppose they've still got quite a bit of own a lot of put plants up there and there.
's quality meat, my goodness they're still going strong.
daffodils out yet.
on the left.
There or here.
Bet there are plenty up there.
Well there's certainly one there and one there and one there depends on which way they like to get in like to get in that door.
It is a bit awkward is n't it?
See if they ca n't find it.

Now where was that shop?

Oh right.
No this is probably it.
Celery seeds, I was looking for some of those yesterday.
Celery seeds.
I know I've got some but I do n't know where.
What?
Rosemary I go out to the garden for.
Lovely are n't they?
Erm.
Do you want some aniseed?
I.

Is that them?
Think so.
What?
Mm.
sixteen pence?
Yeah.
They look quite nice, how much are they?

meat on there.
Doubt it do you?
Minced beef and four times this year.
Wha what variety do you want?
I think I'll have the.
I'll have toffee, yes!
Big enough toffee!
Oh!
Yes, well it might be.
Erm.
Thank you.
Yeah.
That's right.
Oh!
Mine's lovely!
I could have a lick of yours though could n't I?
Well, I've got a now!
That's the, that's why.
Plenty of at home.
I was going out the other way!
Is that the one you're gon na do?
rosemary is n't it?
Oh it's lavender!
Just stand here for a minute and eat your ice cream.
Oh, do n't tell me that I should n't have this!
Why not!
There's a lot of people here!
Quite a lot of people.
Oh that's.
Mm?
Oh it's very, some places are so noisy!
Some old dears coming out bleeding apathy!
What's yours like?
They got a fire burning there or something, look!
Mm.
Mm!
their rates it's because they are paying that's all!
Phoned up to see how much he'd charge me.
It says Maggi for Men.
It says Maggi for Men.
Phoned up.
I'm not sure if that is this.
Oh, I'll ta I'll take mine through cos they'll surely stuff.
around there, no?
Well.
that's alright, no.
You see how they the cucumbers over there.
Sorry?
Yeah, they're nice actually!
No, I said do you want to?
Well!
Have some stuff.
Well do you want to go into the fashion shop?
I would n't buy the stuff in in here whilst.
You know for a Christmas decoration.
We'll have to.
Yes.
You can go upstairs in here.
Say, the toilets.
It's.
Oh no, look I was saying there are no primroses out yet!
Yes!
Mm.
I noticed the green as we crossed.
up there.
Oh just look at the honeysuckle.
I think that's good, cos we've got that.
You go there and have a look at and snowdrops in it as well!
Oh yes!
It's lovely!
Beautiful!
Ever so many here as well.
just coming out.
The fish thing.
Yeah.
Here it comes.
Okay.
Shall we just look in here and then we'll have for lunch?
What's the time?
A special design.
That's er the design you want.
is n't it?
Yo when will you be able to see them better!
That's four ninety five for that.
Suppose an unusual.

Yes!
Mm!
No.
And that's where they.
do the pots.
The water is a bit dirty looking is n't it?
Yeah.
They're going to the I gather.
They've got a there as well.
Yeah.
Almost looks as if they're gates or something.
They're big are n't they?
take.
a nap is that about what you wanted?
do n't they?
It's only because of I know.
Thank you.
Yes.
Oh yes!
Or the erm few blocks over there look!
Then go right at the back again do you reckon?
That's the you say?
Well!
There's another one along here, look there!
Yeah.
Gosh yes!
Well I do n't mind just a little bit.
Well we could always sit on the seat when we come back.
If I'm.
exhausted.
We'll probably get and having to walk along.
Oh.
okay yes.
That's right!
Right, well we'll go back.
We ca n't walk.
No.
There we are!
Mm.
Must go right up to the edge.
Look at them then!
Sorry?
Oh yeah!
Whe what, where you was.
Yes, it's amazing is n't it?
And he said leets what you're hanging something on them?
Oh!
Oh I see, yes!
Oh I see, yes.
Mhm.
Yes.
Yes.
Oh!
So, would there.
be other ones that are going, going up there?
Yeah.
They've got daffs er, coming here you know, see?
Eh?
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Hello Monsignor!
Yes, I'm just looking and March the twenty sixth is free.
The twenty second, the Friday?
Yes, that's fine that's that's free.
I'm a large friend!
Okay then, what time?
What time?
Six thirty.
And obviously you want go in a little bit before that just in case somebody comes.
Yeah.
Mm mm.
Yes.
Fine.
Is that so?
And we have got, I must tell you, I do n't know if you've been, and win, we have got it in the hall I do n't know if you've been in recently but ha we have got some new chairs!
Is that so?
No, no, no, no, no, no they may be functional but they look better!
Right.
I, right away Monsignor!
Right.
Six thirty, twenty second.
Lovely!
Yes, bye bye.
God bless!
Yes.
When you in Newton Abbot leads all the rest of us follow.
That's what he said.
He, that's what I, what I used to say when I was there!
Now six fifteen Monsignor.
It's a meeting of parish priests.
And.
Ah!
Right!
And they want it open a little bit earlier because erm you know, in case anybody comes.
What does he, Botham opening big trumps.
Hoax.
Er, what does that mean do you think?
He'll be out.
Very funny!
You can understand sort of you know, th the coppers and that that as they say get down behind sofas and what have you but erm it is quite amazing where notes get to is n't it?
Yes.
Yeah.
Have n't you heard before about that then?
But how I know, that's what somebody told me.
to send some notes in.
you know, put them in the washing machine.
They they have in there and they take out bank notes and coins from the washing machine.
But, so long as you first.
Erm.
But, you know, that's how I knew there was a department somewhere because they do.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You did n't say anything about school did you?
But, I mean that's why Victor came away was n't it?
Bet you were surprised to hear Monsignor on the phone were n't you?
I've I, when I heard you saying you recognized his voice I thought to myself well perhaps he's sort of inviting you to er, whatever!
and they were going to be here.
Yes, distinctive.
Oh yes!
What?
Have you got ta get any milk this morning?
I'm gon na put this French this is a little French thing that soma er we brought back.
But then we'd be looking for francs.
And shra, oh you said francs did n't you?
Look at them, one, two, three four, five on there!
You know?
And the one on the left.
And one there.
There's one at the back on that erm.
hanging one.
And one on the other one.
Yeah.
Perhaps may it is because we've got all these trees I mean.
was saying when she lived out at erm cos I mean there were trees about there where their hou.
But the nuts did n't come to her house.
Where has that come from?
I'll put it on there.
I can put it on there.
It's alright!
Well I knew I had caps on all the others.
But I had one over, as it were.
Well.
Yeah I let him erm.
go and help you because I thought you know you might have a natter with him or something.
That is that is the one that left the erm heater.
Yeah.
These, none none of those would have the foggiest notion about it.
about the hall, you see you, as I said to Kay, oh of course Kay has this you know on about this scouts.
but, she did say she did this that and the other thing as well you see, but there's nobody knows anything about the hall in its new state as you do.
I mean you do n't.
And you dealt with the erm, the, the various taxes and whatnots.
As I said to Kay it's Terry that does all, he gets the money in, he pays all the bills, Muriel brings him the bills, I said he does all that apart from the fact I said he spent the whole day yesterday, the whole morning yesterday here clearing this, oh she said I did as well, erm you know help, I said what you, but as well as clearing.
stuff, I said he swept the hall, I said look how nice it looks this morning, I said and he did all the toilets and everything else.
I wonder who did then and.
you see Sister makes all these arrangements, it's she who does so many of the arrangements, she has made the arrangements about there being no coffee, several people have come to me and said I do n't know why you've got to stop coffee because we can always go over and have lunch anyway, you know, er after the coffee, but Jean came to me she said look I'm giving you this, and she gave me three pounds, she said I would much rather that was put into this, there your charity thing than take it across the hall, she said my Margaret wo n't go over there any more, because they, they say, you know, put in for your lunch what it would cost.
to have a lunch out.
That's right, she said Margaret never goes, I said well we never go for lunch out, we hardly ever really.
erm she's got a family Margaret, she said she wo n't go there any more she I, I do n't know whether that er Jean does so Did n't she just cotton on quickly, she said do you know that, I said why do I want anybody wandering in my house and my kitchen, I said it's a bit like it's clean, why should I have somebody sort of, well I mean just because I'm doing cooking, she said you would n't stop fancy one, you never know, she said well unless you want to stop at the, please do n't, you'll let me still have your jam wo n't you?
So I said.
and she cottoned on what I had in mind Michelle said to her well how will this sort of erm what are you looking for?
Oh yes there's cheese there, how will this erm, yes of course there's.
there if you want to, have that with a biscuit or something, I said what about this then, erm everybody gon na be taking things to sell at the stalls.
but they what, I wonder what about that?
And that's true you see is n't it?
another one of these for you for tomorrow, oh god, rest of it, oh it's only on the cloth it is dirty anyway.
A bowl of soup.
you know, there, made another.

Contaminated.
Been in the fridge this is.
there is room for soup, I'll put it in this one there.
Anyway did you say there's only Lucy or is there Lucy this afternoon?
She is coming as far as you know?
And that is quarter past four.
her usual time.
Oh did really that chicken was jolly well worth it's wi weight was n't it?
But, two good dinners we've had from it.
two lots of soup and there'll be, it wo n't be a full bowl for you tomorrow, but there'll be about half a bowl unless you want it now?
Denigrate.
I heard you say that as it turns out now.
I would n't of thought denigrate was erm that's to belittle.
No you do n't really.
Sorry?
delegate or something is it?
So it's E blank S.
What's that what?
I do n't know poker.
Surely it's with somebody you know, some connection with a prison or something, did n't it?
I'm not up with the name of it.
the name of a prison penthouse.
Pentonville, yeah.
You just wonder where these words come from.
And of course some of those.
Got a thought, yeah, but erm Sunday has, what's that?
Tuesday certainly has and Wednesday, Wednesday is woodens day.
god of war of Norway or somewhere or something like that, or it is sort of thunder.
thunder is n't it?
Mm No that's er making me jolly cross, not like myself I do n't do anything like, not as much as I used to do at the hall, I mean I used to do a lot as you know, but I, I know how much you have done, but nobody else knows.
Kay said I know, I said Kay you could n't begin to imagine what he does, and of course she said, and she had been doing that erm painting, Father came in and said something like oh you, you've done a good job there, but she said he never said oh go over to the kitchen and get a cup of tea.
But he never did actually.
I mean that's typically Irish of course, Irish male oh dear, dear.
Well I often think there, there could be something for women priests because they would see the more practical things that had to be done.
I've bought that erm raspberry jam and some strawberry jam for us, I did n't realize that this would want replenishing as well.
Chocolate, yes But you see somebody I think it was erm what's his name?
Erm.
what's his first name?
He's a little, a little chappie who comes in, came in this morning.
Les, yes, that's right.
erm, he said I do n't know we've got to stop having the coffee, so I said well erm Sister had spoken.
Kay does n't know why anyway, nor does erm Kevin and erm Denise.
Oh yes, sister made it.
Er.
It's usually ten is n't it?
But I mean there's a Wed a Thursday night we could always of said you know.
meant it to be on Thursday ours not to reason why apparently erm Sister Josephine us, she went off by train to wherever it is she's gone, but will be coming back with another Sister in a car tomorrow.
so, do you know, I was thinking the other day, you know Sister Margaret we like her very much really do n't.
we, with this erm pressing.
with her really, we never get the chance to, but she is always on her own, none of the other three, if you look, never.
sit near her, talk to her or.
Is it?
Take an ante bet or something.
ante post betting that's, that's erm something, no.
No it is n't ante A N T E ante post betting on a race.
I do n't know when it's for, but it is for when, that's what it's called, you get a list and it is sort of ante.
No it's not, oh could be, ante natal, yes.
but not ante, you thought that was A N T A or something you put the other thing with anti, but it is n't, or are we at cross purposes, you do n't know what you're talking about to me and I do n't know what I'm talking about to you so.
He used to.
I do n't really, I do n't really.
Yes they really made a.
Mm this erm what ever he's called.
apparently he paid for his.
and sort of fairly recently gone back to home to South Africa where he.
where's that?
Mm.
Mm.
Oh they're the favourites apparently, the kids they, they have it now.
Mind you when England come against South Africa let's hope they.
There we go, mm.
Leave those I'll see to them.
So am I, I'm going to have a, oh have a, an orange and a lemonade that's right, that's what I'll have well you must n't forget to have a wee before you go out.
I do n't know who that woman is?
Those were the, oh yes got one of those right I'll have these then and this, if you want the sugar Kay was saying that they're promising heavy storms and erm gales.
Yeah.
Oh he's talking about that is he?
Oh I did n't hear you call me.
Oh.
Oh yes, mm, mm.
somebody.
Oh well.
I was saying to Jean this morning, cos it's funny enough we went out to Dartington yesterday and we were sort of looking at the restaurant there at Cranks, and I said to her you know about this bowl of soup and then the erm.
talking about the prices of you know, lunch.
and that was just a bowl of soup and a, a roll.
Oh dear, not again.
Oh dear I was thinking he was going easy.
he was gon na take over from Gooch.
or whatever.
Mm.
Only no, no, go on what was it?
Oh yeah, aha.
Oh yes.
Mm that and erm.
Should be, especially with this erm, this.
Do you want to take that?
Er yes I'm gon na get up in a minute anyway, so.
Oh fancy Botham being out, I was hoping that, you know he was going easy.
erm letting Gooch score.
Well perhaps it need n't where he just had plenty of porridge.
Now I should be.
should prefer cutting my hair, I'm not gon na have it cut quite so short this time I think.
you know just have a little bit off it.
taken off it, cos I was looking at the length of it when we were in France.
and I think that looked a nicer length.
Yes after Lucy about, er yes that was what I was getting around to, by that time of course I should be erm.
erm, so I would come up the town with you if I could think what for.

Fourth of April.
Oh we know it.
Ah.
Thursday is the ninth, yes.
Ninth of April.
Right.
Do n't worry though honestly, I know these things do happen.
Quarter to ten.
We've gone and got lumbered.
She went to do a lady's hair and then the lady said well if you, could you just sort of trim my husband's.
No well er I, I expect you've caught up a bit now have n't you?
Right.
Well thank you ever so much.
Look forward to seeing you again in six weeks time.
Okay then?
Bye bye.
He's got forty six?

Was he?
Oh.
What?
Yes may as well might.
said all I'm worried about is did I wash my hair too early for you so she said it's alright I've got a spray that I can sort of cos she likes it quite wet when she.
To get about twenty runs.
Ten?
Oh that would be twelve then.
Oh good.
Fairbrother's doing, you know, he's holding up the other.
side obviously.
Was Lucy sort of late with you?
Or did she have to go back for something.
I, cos I saw her at a quarter past nine so.
Hundred and fifty three, so he only wants five?
Oh well let him hit the the winning thing.
Unless they've changed ends.
Thirty eight overs, yes, as you say they've got another twelve overs.
Hundred and fifty four.
so he had four cos he got one then did n't he?
Oh well the jubilation.
So only wants two and he's got fifty six look you see.
he's doing the scoring.
Well I expect they like him doing it.
Fifty four, it's changed, Hick's not out fifty four it was fifty six a minute ago was n't it?
Yeah well he's still got nine.
Oh I thought it was nine he had.
So they only want two.
Six six four oh no.
not quite, no.
Well switch it off and bring it up again and see if it changes.
Oh I know, every time it flicks.
it's changing.
You see it, I mean I pointed that out, like now.
For four wickets, oh Hick caught and bowled!
Oh.
Should think probably that was probably what that erm.
was about probably.
caught and bowled he was probably was sort of erm.
trying to hit, you know, get it finished.
Yes erm she did n't come till after ten and I was beginning.
to wonder whether I'd got the right time.
Sorry?
What did you say?
Oh there is ca oh of course I have got cakes in the.
Oh gosh, help me, help me, help me.
Good, not out bowling again.
Presumably you took those chicken things downstairs for me yesterday?
You know the.
I, I'd just taken this thing.
Oh you can have, you can finish that up if you want to.

look.
Fairbrother got a four look.
England's maintaining their Britain and the West Indies in one day games.
Oh this is it look.
of course.
he's doing alright.
How did it go?
details.
Was there last night?
Oh no that was the night before.
Oh is that?
Oh I see, he, he was the opener.

Oh it was Pakistan was it?
No I was, I just saw Food and Drink.
but I think I saw it, did n't I, the night before last was it?
They have n't got news yet of the erm cricket win I do n't suppose?
Oh it'll be on the national news because.
they reporting it.
You see if we had seen that one that would be very ideal for Richard.
Does n't it tell you?
This is three miles to one inch, that one is n't it?
Yes mhm.
Yes so that's okay.
So the other one is I do n't remember what it is I wanted but I think I'll go in to erm and erm.
The bank.

Yes well I think that the erm I mean the sun is a surprise.
Mm They look as if they're all planted near the top you know.
as if you put a whole heap of as you say th the t the two of them.
in the wheelbarrow.
sort of.
Well really it's about it I'll have to see if there's a carrier.
If we put one back in again.
I have n't got as much room in this one to put the bag.
Gosh.
Yeah.
Oh well perhaps the fog and erm got a appointment on the Saturday has n't she?
hair.
and erm well perhaps young Bob and Jess can go on the moor on Saturday.
If it, I mean if it were like today it will be lovely.
Yeah.
Oh yes, yeah.
Fiat one two seven like that one is.
Well it would be a bit tight to get in I feel.
It's very difficult to get in.
wondered if.
Oh look, we've just got one there.
Oh look it's one of these that's nice because you can just sort of nothing can come in behind you and that sort of thing.
This is all mucky at the back, what happened to it?
Oh that will be alright.
very strong.
Mm, that's the one, no, leave that one.
This one will be alright.
was n't there anyway.
I thought it was sort of a er you know, by the.
so I was wrong.
Oh yes.
You keep on forgetting to bring out the book.

Oh well that was lucky cos there have n't been any more.
Anyway you just go where you've got to go.
the bank and the building society.
Right.
Right.
Can?
Oh well I suppose, yes it, you know, it might be, do n't know how but it might be.
Now I, let me just try and get this one.
what is it's barely credible.
Now which one do I well shove roughly.
I've not got a P in the anagram so I do n't think it can start with.
Shove roughly.
Well why treaded?
I mean.
apart from.
Yeah, yeah.
And, I mean why newsman?
Mm.
Yeah.
Oh tread T R E A D and four down would finish with D.
Doctor firstly erm we think that must finish with an E D did w did we?
Cos that was.
Ah yes.
step on newsman tread, T R E A D.
To.
H A R D, hard and to and then it starts with an I.
I have n't got.
Ah yes, gin two I's?
Oh I have I've got.
You, you think it's hard to.
What have you got left then?
See look the last one will start with I wo n't it?
Yes.
I know, you should see her hair.
Hard to imagine, right.
So twelve over gets ready for more fire relax relight, no.
Oh yes that one.
Hassled?
H A S S L E D hassled erm haggle?
No, Well suppose you have three down.
Well supposing it's hassled, H A S S L so this old boy would be L, do n't think, one two three four five seven hero worshipper.
Air air?
No I would n't have that in mind really.
Fifteen over, where is it well what is five down?
Do you think, no which we have n't got.
bad ideas D D E M U S I L M.
D E M U S oh so that would be S blank E blank S?
Glowing players in court, is that what you said?
Seeds?
Well D E L U fifteen over would finish the music.
Why?
I'm just trying to work out.
Oh yes.
Fury at a bad deed.
So it's either gon na be M D or D R is n't it?
If that's the doctor every day gave treatment Well we're not having this forty four down get one off the point of advance line.
Oh yeah.
Cool rips open the side.
mm so it must be cool and rips.
Oh.
In Nepal.
Everest.
in Nepal.
Hard sailors fear it.
sailors.
that one.
I mean I reckon that must I there cos whatever that is with a G at the end possible, could be I N G could n't it?
What is that one there? the -ing.
Twenty six going easy.
Could well be.
I'd?
Provided the outcome, yes.
And forty down, did we try that?
It's a steeple, what do you call those very.
Proclaim a point.
Supposing that a point I suppose is erm.
Yeah.
So nineteen down?
It's boring well that'll be an O blank S.
Well I should think so, yes.
calls so, well anyway the eighteen over is art with brie can produce a dish.
Brie.
R blank rarebit.
So nineteen er down again is.
Well I was I, I just said tiptoes.
Well twenty four over no it probably is n't that but what, what is twenty four over?
Material flower in Scotland.
Material.
Yeah.
E D so.
T E D I O U S well I mean why would that be?
I mean.
D I O U S yes.
Well this is, this is what I'm wondering, unless it's something from say tedious it's boring and think of necessarily boring being tedious outside.
side oh yes.
So it was an anagram really.
And what is it again?
Plenty of bread crust upper crust.

Thus.

Actually there is no such word as eatable come to think of it, it's edible.
So what have we got there then?
Well it does n't matter really.
It's E.
blank E and what is it?
Oh his studio look.
It's safe to take it in?
Well I should think it will be a meal alright.
Oh you have n't got that sorted out?
Yes, Oh you've just put, well I always put.
Yeah.
I hate these as it were things you know?
One lagging behind advertising screen show so that's where forty nine over trailer.
Yes, stew pot.
Now you d you went and interrupted me there and, and I've forgotten what I was saying which was right.
Trailer for forty nine over.
Is sure determined to get in first you get a trailer, you know.
So now and this is this one much like while I was taking time off.
Good.
Well I just got this patterned.
I'm trying to work out this fifty over here a whisky with bread?
Oh very good.
Yes very good.
Well I had n't got down to the R yet I had n't reached.
with my alphabet.
What's the Nelson touch?
You turn a blind eye is n't it?
Erm there, fifty.
What's forty eight down again, what was it?
I'm just wondering whether it's E D or E S, to fight like this.
Where do you get the other P from there?
Oh the P yes, true.
