
Shandy.
So basically your moving in about four weeks time.
So that means party time.
You're for ever stuffing your face.
did you know that?
aha.
mm, mm.
Why?
So what nineteen thousand paid?
mm could prove difficult but how can you pay that much off? does if, I suppose if they.
what's there to put, took an extra twenty thousand on from the beginning?
So are nan and granddad totally for the idea and everything and moving now?
Er we going to have a look round the house one more time?
Why?
The measurements are already there.
Ah, can you imagine trying to curtain that big room, the dining, the ballroom bit.
Drawing room, whatever it's called, it's huge, it has windows all the way round, it has bow windows innit?
You have to keep the erm,, what's the name of the stuff?
Er floor tiles down, wooden floor tiles.
What do you mean wooden floor?
Floor tiles.
So what are they?
Are they expensive?
They expensive?
If you polish those up we can keep them.
so we're not having carpets down?
Well, then, exactly that's not going to cost much is it?
Cost less than carpets.
Yeah, expensive, but you get that from work.
it's not a great deal, hassle, but the garden's gon na look good when we've finished it, get in the straight first day in we'll hack down the back tree.
Where they going?
Oh god.
Seven?
Ah.
I suppose so.
How long are they going for?
Yeah, that's not bad.
A hundred, hundred odd.
so all hundred odd?
So in other words they're gon na bring its new place?
So how we gon na get hundred a hundred odd trays down to us?
Have to hire a van?
Yes, I suppose so.
Has he done loads this year?
Oh, why have n't they done as many as last year?
They did n't, we used them all.
we'll certainly be needing them this year, cos the garden's bare.
God it's expensive there.
aquarium are.
Oh.
it's nice.
Plants.
It died, oh that big thing we had outside?
Mm.
I, I know the one yeah.
Probably cost a fortune all the plants at Ruxley, Ruxley is not a good place to go.
Yeah, but look at the prices though.
cos they, that's the only good garden centre around that's, that's why they cost so much.
No, it's not as big there.
Mm.

She only saves a matter of fifteen P and gets it all back on the petrol.
Well that's stupid.
Yeah, but she had that many last time.
she had five hundred sort of flowers.
We do n't even eat the damn stuff.
Oh, he always gets extra priorities does n't he?
Little David, her apple.
in her eye.
Did she miss me?
Ha.
Week after next?
Oh.
Well she has n't she's got different.
exams time, date, I think we're having it the earliest of the lot, for some stupid reason because Mel does n't appear to be having them till late either.
Her's is late May, they start.
No the majority of mine will be finished by May the twenty fourth.
I'm not, it's only over a two week period, they're jammed in, I'm getting in several days, all I have is three exams.
No, no.
No, not many at all but, yeah, that's ridiculous Caroline's down then.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
Well Mel, Mel's been er holiday is this week, next week coming.
erm off today as well, so that's why, but that, that's I suppose is late as well.
Mm, there's a lot of people who've erm, I mean a lot of s all the T V companies are putting programmes on for next week.
for people, kids being off, so it's obvious the rest of the country's off that week, and so it's probably only a few limited schools.
is a pain in the arse, warm in here.
innit?
So er it's stupid well there you go, what's for dinner by the way?
Mm, cos Morris is coming down is n't he?
Oh not chips again, please not chips again.
I've had four lots of chips this week and I'm getting fed up with chips.
I've had three lots of pizza this week and I'm getting fed up with pizza.
I had chow mein last night.
but I had pizza yesterday, lunch.
Not lucky me I ca n't stand it after a while.
We went fishing by the way.
pathetic, it's gon na freeze up again this afternoon down at Bournemouth, gon na have fish off the pier, go for some bees, but I could n't be bothered but there was nothing, it was too damn cold, it must of been minus five with the wind chill factor.
absolutely horrendous, oh by the way you did n't thank me for getting those yoghurts did you?
Well he did n't remember, I did.
Well you would n't of got them if it was n't for me.
Mm, get one in a minute.
Yeah alright, alright.
I know.
Yes you have.
he's in a foul temper is n't he today?
Oh its stupid.
Just talk look.
come on you.
Oh you're a doctor you're supposed to talk.
No thank you.
er.
you're basically supposed, goes Longman's, Longman's dictionary.
No.
they're basically.
But erm you get paid twenty five quid for doing it, so.
it's worth about that.
Well she collared me yesterday, unfortunately, so I've got ta do it until.
Well so do I, I need a lot of money, a lot a lot of money.
Save it.
So you're basically going to erm, you're not going to get rid of me.
yes, I'm not going, I'm only, I'll still be here at the weekend.
no, I'm not leaving, I'm still here for.
No I'll commute every day.
as if, er Saturday and Sunday.
Yeah.
Ah.
what I'm gon na do.
no, I mean commute, good morning Jane.
Oh thank you Jane.
nice to know somebody's going to be polite this morning.
No you're not supposed to because it's still recording, you basically be polite and.
True.
Oh thanks a lot.
Oh you're disappointed now are n't you, that I, coming back, it's really upset you.
Yeah.
I'm not going, I'm not leaving.
no way.
Yes, I have a job here.
It's really.
I've really enjoyed doing it.
But I work very hard during the week.
Er, er, are you going to sort of give me a timetable that I can read through to the phone and that it's not booked up.
three quarters of an hour last week.
Just.
oh it's nice to be, he say glad and happy I was moving.
It does n't bother me.
No, that's his normal voice, ow.
No.
Do you want it?
Not really.
Why not?
I've saved my money as much as possible.
I'm opening my own business so I need a lot of money.
Yep.
Aquatic retail.
yeah, this is a good thing for the tape innit?
I, oh yeah.
So er what do you think I should call my business?
But erm.
Well it's more likely to be yours as well you see.
have to persuade you.
if you pay some money, yes.
When I make a profit.
Depends how well the business is doing.
Ha, you get ready to jump, plunge off the side.
Oh that's quite honest, it's perfectly normal, but erm, I'm trying to persuade your dad to buy forty percent of the shares.
that'll only cost you a small amount.
small amount of.
What?
Bull what?
It will cost a little bit.
Do n't know yet.
Could call that yeah.
Er I'm gon na have an interview with a guy next week about some stuff, so I should find out, I have had three replies from the fifteen I've sent out, I sent out another five last night this is.
Companies.
Information on.
Of course I am.
Of course I am.
Of course it does.
of course it's serious it's costing me two and a half grand at least.
I'm not joking, spending a fortune.
Yeah.
No, do n't be stupid.
What you will?
I do n't know how much he's paying, I do n't even know if he wants to do it yet, it's me who's got to talk to firms.
I've got ta think of a name though, I like that actually.
The boyfriend.
I like that, that's good.
What are customers?
That's quite good for you, yeah, not bad oh good it is recording, erm.
No they gave it to me.
No.
So I give you the address the, the tel telephone number, you can ring her up.
Oh god.
Let's face it we all do.
So what, you get twenty five quid for it.
that's what I'm gon na do, stupid.

Yeah that's, that, but does n't realize who it is when.
Dad's not allowed to take it to work unfortunately so.
Cos he can affect some, all the stuff is secret.
It's a pain.
Do what?
Yeah, right.
Ah Louise here comes the star of the show.
You're looking very smart.
I was n't lying.
Mum can you get my.
Are we off now dad?
Yeah.
Well dad that's the best way of doing it.
Oh yeah so yeah so do I, oh exactly.
And it is a problem.
Yeah.
I must of tried probably fifteen times last night to get through.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Oh I agree.
Exactly, yes, true.
oh yeah, yes, I agree, if.
for too long it does add up.
I'm not altogether surprised, but.
No question you're doing, exactly needed.
You have to it is your phone.
You've got Jane as well.
Jane and Clare now is it?
She speaks to her friends quite a lot.
Well that is stupid.
It's alright if it's a three minute call like you say.
Yeah.
Yeah.
exactly.
I do n't start doing it, I, well do n't blame you, yeah.
You see I get erm.
I think it's ridiculous of Alistair but he, it is his business, you see, I'm gon na use the phone a hell of a lot when I get mine going, but I will.
Exactly.
Exactly.
Exactly and that's what I'm gon na do, exactly.
Yep, I agree, exactly and that's the only way you can do it cos then you, you do n't get any problems that the call's been er interacting.
exactly, it's the only way you can do it and I would n't do it any other way, because I do n't bel I do n't, I do n't think it's fair, if I was using the phone continually I'd get rather annoyed, I mean that I'd, they'd have a right to be annoyed, but as I do n't I think it's ridiculous so I'm not hardly surprised at all, so I think it's stupid as you say, but there you go.
Oh, why do n't you put a pay lock on?
Mum and dad have threatened that regularly.
Watch.
Exactly, so what were you saying?
You do er, what?
You were saying about the phone, you were, you were thinking about doing whatever.
Yeah but would you need that?
Why not keep the phones such as the main one downstairs and the other one as open, I mean as closed and have your own personal one upstairs, in your room or whatever.
well I, as I say I've got a, see I'm, you have this.
Yes, that's, that's the, that's the way to do it.
or why do n't you have erm, get the girls to pay a percentage of the bill, get them to note down all the calls they make and work it out, that's a way of doing it.
What do you mean what with?
Money.
you take it out their pocket money.
Fine.
That's the way that mum and dad.
See we've got four phones in our house and it does add up.
we've got four phones in our house in operation.
so we've got that and so I, er, I'm gon na have to, how much does it cost to put your own line in?
I mean there's this line.
this is all things I've got to consider when I'm starting this thing.
It's gon na cost me a fair bit to get lines to the house I want so I've got, er I, the problem is with, as dad was saying this morning, the majority of people when they're starting their business they go to the wall because oh they're going in for the, oh it's gon na be a quick sale.
and we're gon na get quick turnover and we're gon na start making loads of money easily.
but you do n't.
Exactly and if, if you can break even in the first.
two years you're very lucky.
and that's what I'm gon na be aiming to do, if it, if I break even in two years I'd be happy cos I've made money back and then I'll be making profit after that, and you wo n't make it back in the first year, no way.
Well mum will be doing, mum'll be the secretary and then I will have someone in to do it.
I'm paying someone, I'll pay a Y T S guy to do it and that.
so that's why I need this summer and part of er working during the week, week days to get money to pay for it.
cos er, I, I'm selling the fish tank for a start, for a hundred.
I'm selling the fish tank to get some money.
for er, I'm selling that for a hundred and thirty.
so, yeah I'm getting rid of that to get some.
I'm selling my, erm remote control car to get money.
Mm, yeah, I'm selling a fish tank.
Yep, to get rid of that.
so that's going for a hundred and thirty pounds.
Dunno I, there's a friend of mine and I'm selling it in the pa have to advertise in the paper as well so that money's going to it, I've made, I'm having a word with the bank manager for business facilities and then opening an account with him at the bank to er basically get some extra, a business account going which I do n't touch, er I need to get credit facilities done on the bank, accounts and stuff, dad's gon na look through it completely with me and work everything out, but for the next six, seven weeks I'll be too busy with the school work to really concentrate on it, cos exams start at seven weeks time now.
so I'm going to be very busy doing the evenings, doing my work.
I'm gon na make this work, I'm not rushing into it, I'm, I rush into a lot of things.
but I'm not rushing this time, cos I'm, if, I'm putting, I'm spending two and half thousand pounds on this, I'm not wasting my money.
cos it's a lot of money to be perfectly honest.
Bigger words?
Some bigger words, what kind of thing, er supercalologilistic.
Erm, protocol, that's a good one.
Mm, er what to think, oh I ca n't think of any words, oh we're going to go off for an interview now anyway.
Mm, looks very nice.
Yeah, he's done a great job.
I like the bit where he's er wrapped the.
Yeah, they're brilliant.
Oh it looks very much mm snazzy now.
Well he did varnish it, did n't he?
So it's worth it for twenty quid innit?
Or twenty five.
So.
are you going to get all your.
like that?
So he obviously thought it was worthwhile doing that.
Well I liked it.
Exactly, so he's a.

Your definition of money of course, er, eh, well I suppose so, but well, there you go, so.
No I think it's.
Oh well.
I do n't know, I suppose you've still got your voucher, I get the voucher next Friday, so.
They pay you to do it.
Yes, a week.
I've only got a week to do them.
so I get paid twenty five.
pounds for doing it.
Yeah, it's not bad for a go.
Kent, I've dr erm I've written to them so he's gon na send back a erm.
price list, well I'd of sent for them, they'll post them to me by Securicor.
Yes, it's only a, an hour.
they post them straight or I'll go and collect them.
I'll be at home, idiot, or er, it's in Kent so I can get dad to pick them up for me.
so I'll get, I'll get all the prices whatever, he's got like thirty six inch coin er.
Japanese, it's a massive one, one er, it's a thirty thousand gallon erm pond and it's got, and it goes through a filter box and it's four and a half tons of erm four and a half tons and that is a lot of.
is the stuff that I've got in a little bag, got little bag full.
and that's where the that you've got in your pond.
that's how much four and a half ton of costs, just ever so slightly, it's more about.
er, so it's a bit expensive.
but erm, so I'll order them, I'll pay for them when I'm there you can pay back when when I get them.
Of course I'll get them.
Well why do you think they've advertised them?
Yes, but they're going and then they've got them in the ponds, they've got them all in their ponds, so they're obviously okay, they're for ponds so it, I think if we probably get ten, fifteen on the, cos I'm gon na be so used to seeing them, cos I'm gon na be ordering those, I'll order all the carps and you've got as well.
Yes so I'll get hold of some.
well, if you can get on with doing that thing, sit down and look through those magazines with me and I'll show you the prices that I can get them at retail I mean at trade, all the prices cos I've got that two and a half thousand gallon job and that is only seventy quid, so I'm just gon na have one of those, I'm gon na have that with a U V A filter and eight er eight watt U V A filter which is fifty quid, that then, which is for one of those tanks which is for three hundred and fifty, but that's not, I've that's.
retail I have n't worked out trade yet.
So that's basically lost about five hundred quid a set.
thing and that's without a pump, so to set up it'll cost me probably a thousand and a bit and I want and then I'll need to have the rest of the money left over to survive.
do it that way, but I'm not rushing into this, I'm doing it very, very slowly cos it ai n't worth it with that much money.
To be perfectly honest.
Yeah he is is n't he?
Wake up mate, get out the middle of the road.
Well you should n't play tennis on, on er on squash.
pathetic, it's ridiculous I really do.
You tell them what you damn well think.
I think it's absolutely, I think it's perfectly, thing is I think it's blooming awful I really do.
You do n't have to be careful, you obviously have to.
watch their fees, but they have n't watched yours for crying out loud it's quite obviously, but I think it's, it's ridiculous, because you're looking at doing it that way, the other, it's ridiculous.
Yeah, but it's not gon na go back and get her blamed.
it's erm, it's, it's not fair.
If she's gone without asking anybody then, anybody fine, then maybe, maybe reasonable to.
she's asked you but then again I do n't know the ins and outs of the practice or.
but I just think it's unfair the way they're treating you.
I, if I was you, I'd be extremely pissed, but then again I've got the temperament where I wo n't sit down and take something if I do n't like it.
Exactly.
it's, it's, it's ridiculous I just think it's very unfair that they regard you that way.
Mm.
Yes, it's only fair yes I would ah there you go, ah that's gon na ruin her weekend innit?
But it sounds as those, those two probably have the same feelings as you do, when it comes to the crunch they do n't make a note.
Exactly, they know, exactly, so why the hell should you be quiet all the time?
It's not fair if you said how, what you feel, then maybe they'll change it but they're not going to do anything without them knowing you, because they do n't know them until you've told them do they?
How can they change it if they do n't know what you're feeling?
But they probably do they're too bloody erm, insensitive to bother.
Yeah.
Right.
Yes, oh yes.
Mm.
Mm.
We're not doing bad.
we've got those things there and we've got the erm garden done.
There's a very huge amount we can do in winter.
No there is n't, right what'll we do tomorrow?
What do you want to get done tomorrow then?
I'll come dressed looking dirty here tomorrow.
or something like that.
Well we'll just have to work very hard tomorrow, tis.
quite simple.
Oh well, would n't go to him to be honest.
I would n't go to him to be perfectly honest.
Because he does n't appear to do a very good job, he does n't turn up when, at times, he does n't ring you to tell why he's not turning up and that sort of person is not a good idea to go for.
unless you produce contracts, which is cheap, exactly, I'd rather pay for the quality.
Well, I think it's worth five hundred pounds then for the quality and the service.
Do n't chew your nails.
Ah you could try that I suppose.
you could sort of wear it while you're playing.
What you wan na do is leave it in the squash club, in the actual er court.
take it down and put it in the bottom of the.
because then you can get, I can hear you two talking, and see what you're doing during sport, great idea, should try that.
Well would n't they tell you?
Well you rang in.
cos there must be someone there.
Oh.
Well I'll give you a little knock around.
I'll give you a knock around.
if there's nobody else there.
Oh it's a bit, good God it's busy today.
Oh it's the Open this afternoon.
It's, it's the Open here I mean it's.
The erm, the championship.
this afternoon.
Yes it is.
I do believe so.
I believe.
What do you mean there's nobody here, it's packed.
Oh well.
Well I think you did very well much better than last time as it goes.
Oh he's no better than you.
No he was n't.
No.
No he was n't as, as, strong-wise he was hitting as well as you, but he was he was n't as, much better than you at all.
You are, you, you were very sort of standard-wise.
but I thought that you were very good today, much better than before.
and that I.
Exactly you'll get.
You loosen, exactly.
lot looser.
You did n't do your back.
Blasted traffic lights.
Oh well my head.
I've got a headache.
Pretty vicious actually.
God knows where it's from or why I've got it, but I have.
I canna stand.
What?
I'm gon na get stir crazy not being able to play badminton I know, and I score, it's gon na drive me crazy.
three months.
hell of a long time.
not to be able to play.
I'm cold.
Aha, I've been there twice.
been there two weeks ago, are you cold?
We had to pay, I did my arm in and I had to damn well pay.
to go in there.
Well we parked in the car park and he charged us in there.
It's sodding expensive.
Yeah do n't go, at least we have n't got far to carry if she does.
No I did n't mean that.
Who did?
Did he?
Is he good?
Will you give me a game, when er my arm's better?
Why?
I can play badminton thank you, even though you've beaten me.
But it wo n't be for a while.
What do you mean you'll never beat me?
Yeah, have a game if you like.
End of February, March, April, God it's nearly the end of May before I can start playing again.
Went down and had a fish at Hills Bay on Wednesday.
What do you mean why?
Cos I wanted to.
Yeah.
Er ragworm.
Not a damn thing, I froze my nuts off, it was freezing.
Yeah, me and my friend, were.
the only two.
Very.
Oh he's got all proper equipment, he is.
He did n't catch any either.
We gave up after two hours it was too cold.
Yeah it was just.
just freezing.
Oh God yes in the middle of the sea, yeah, you get loads.
but we were just down there.
fish were down there.
it was a bit cold.
puncturing ragworms was disgusting.
you hold the mouths open.
and stick it down, oh yuck.
Oh yeah, exactly.
Yeah there is.
Yeah.
Have a look at some really knives.
They're great prices, they got some lovely penknives.
Have a look at these penknives.
Erm.
Oh meant you, erm a vinegar jar.
Yes there's loads.
Well you're looking for a new penknife so look at the penknives.
Ah there we go, there's loads there.
Why is it everyone goes for the most difficult car parking spot?
Ha I do n't believe.
No it's not me.
Blooming cheek.
Oh well it was going when I was, you were talking all the way back from the squash club.
Yes, it is now.
Mind that lady, it does help if you.
Oh God, it's cold.
What number?
I notice he charges.
What?
Oh God that's awful.
she's an Essex girl.
I do n't know, I wonder if I should explain it.
cold.
So where we off to now?
Where we off to now?
Right.
Well why do n't you go over to Wimborne quickly and get it off of them?
Was.
that to be in a dictionary.
dent doolly a bump.
yes, well, oh I'm cold.
Ah she's.
Yeah, tape it as well.
Take it this way, this way in, yeah there's fishing down there, freezing.
Over there.
fish in line, fish in line with the wreck.
and then fished in line with the end of that reed boat.
did n't get a bite on any of them, not even a take, crabs.
oh the fish are about down there.
can you see?
Seagulls are out there.
Nothing noticeable, it's normally a good sign though.
put some speed on.
you are oh speed is ninety around here.
Speed limit's ninety around here.
Yeah, but we always go eighty, they always allow you to go ten.
what is she doing?
What a prat, she should of been further al further along.
Because you do n't pull out in front of a car going seventy miles an hour.
Because it's an obnoxious move, it must be.
That is no I ca n't see, wow.
quick overtake her see if we can see.
No.
Do It All wo n't have one.
go and have a look in Atlantis while you're here.
Atlantis has got, they're an electrical shop, they're on sales, see if you can find.
you can see.
yes exactly, dad can get erm fifteen percent off there and you can give.
The plant.
Oh I love it.
Oh toxic.
No,.
Oh I did n't want to tell you this Phil, but.
it's the.
No, this is n't gon na smell, I like the condom it's wearing.
You can do a blue movie with this thing.
Oh dear.
Oh thank you, oh I love these, what you done to them?
What have you done?

I do n't know why, good God what the hell's he doing over the road?
He's not supposed to be in there, what the bike is doing, you're not allowed to go on this road.
I rest my case.
Women.
Erm close your window.
otherwise you'll knock out the record.
I apologise for any temporary loss.
Boots.
Ah well, there we go.
there we go.
Yes, this.
Aha, you can try in Quick Save, they might have one.
You can try.
Oh yeah.
and where here?
I shall go in.
We did n't do bad here, it was quite quick actually.

Ah, but who's gon na pay for it oh hurry up, hurry up, hurry up.
I need the loo.
Thank you, I love these, mm.
What?
I just like them.
I just like them.
Mm, yeah.
Oh mind my fish erm best get all the work done tomorrow.
Cos we will I'll come dressed for dirty work tomorrow.
That's right.
Do you want Morse taken out?
Why's he home?
How?
Anything you want taped?
He started he's back next weekend.
Morse.
Brand new series, yes it is.
Yeah, brand new series.
It look's quite good actually.
Regan?
Oh.
Oh right.
I doubt it.
Do you want that taped?
Alright then, oh Regan as in Sweeney?
Oh.
Oh right, yes yes the Sweeney it's quite good it ba, ba, ba with Dennis Waterman, ba, ba, do, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba quick mow that jogger over got him, now we've got time turn this when we've done this, erm, put the plants in and everything till I gave it at table tennis.
Well we'll get the motor work done first.
then play table tennis.
Yes, I've got ta have a chance to win again.
Er, no you won six five.
Yes.
It was quite disastrous.
so we'll go from er six five up to whatever.
Er are they swans or geese?
Geese, get the guns.
They're not herons, herons do n't fly in threes.
Ones they're still.
On their own.
Singularly yeah that's not so bad.
We we can have a game of count down masters.
cogitation do n't follow that one up.
Come on oh the loo, how much further is it?
I'm getting desperate.
Desperado, singular desperate.
Latin for desperado.
Lovely.
Well it was a woman come on.
women do n't comprehend roundabouts, driving cars.
you should know that by now, nothing is ever.
What?
They're not mine, do n't worry.
I love it, I love it.
So why have you started taking up the bag?
The sweets.
I do n't mean, I mean why have you taken up the other, the plastic bag and put it in that?
Oh, oh you can pop in and get your fishing magazines while you're down here.
Well why not?
Your fishing guides.
It should n't be it's six o'clock.
Oh fish and chips, I fancy fish and chips.
Well I fancy the woman serving.
It's a woman, I would n't mind her on a bed of lettuce, ha, get out the way morons.
Have you ever tried Max's kebabs?
Mm, pretty good, hey there's Danny's dad, he'll go right up high, erm up er, up Roman Road, I bet you.
That one in front see it's gone, ram him over.
not to over there, dear oh dear.
Oh he's going the wrong way, moron, mm, where's he going?
Wow oh dear.
I now realize why it was reaching love it, it's getting right.
So if we're going to do er I'd better unclip this had n't I?
Yes.
not once.
Oh that's awful.
You'd thought that these houses could of least put a bit of paint on.
Make it look more attractive.
They look grotty like that.
I still think that you should buy Jean a Range Rover.
She likes them, nice cars.
they're beautiful.
What do you mean difficult to run?
They're a damn sight more efficient than this I'll tell you that for a start.
they take more petrol, but servicing-wise they do n't require as much.
Well just because this is a Jag H J six convertible, it's neither here nor there.
Oh I suppose so.
well this is a classic car as they go.

What?
I do n't know if we're supposed to be talking er French.
Ah at last home.
So that's basically, I now got a B grade for and that gives.
so that's English, and I've got ta get, er he reckons he'll get a B grade for the er lit, but I was so cheesed off with that erm piece I got today, thirty five and thirty five, one mark off being er an A, he put at the bottom aargh, if only you'd seen the lousy ending, cos he said if I'd got the, an extra couple of sentences it er would of been forty eight, forty, so that's, so annoying, but I've now got ta write an informal letter, I do n't know how that comes under informal letter.
Can you put bad spellings in those as it's informal?
That's not formal.
it's that use of formal.
You said write like a formal letter.
Oh.
Er.
see if I can get a grade A for this one, that, if I can get a grade A for the er next two pieces that I'm doing, which I've got to hand in, that could take me to a B grade after that.
No he said do n't give them in yet, but do the informal first, so I'll do the informal, we've got to do an informal.
Yeah I'll do it later.
Dinner's now.
Twenty minutes.
Yes it's easy enough those so, I hope they do n't get bitchy because most of mine are on, on the computer.
Yeah, I might do.
Erm, oh I've got another piece back that I've twenty nine, twenty nine as it goes.
Yeah, but that goes, that goes in the lit file, so I got rid of my er with the thirty five I managed to get rid of erm.
They're at school in a box.
but er, so now I've got a thirty six, thirty five, thirty four, thirty four, thirty four, thirty two and thirty, so that's a B count in B file, so there's no hassle with that, but if I can get on and get rid of the er, I've got twenty eight, twenty nine in there as well, er twenty eight in there as well, so I want to get rid of the twenty eight and twenty nine but it is a guarantee that a B file, so there's.
no real worry about it, but erm I want to do better.
Yeah, he still keeps far faffing around with the erm whatever detail, yeah, he still has n't given it to us.
Science.
No.
No.
Because I did n't have time, but er they started geography course work today and I was out the lesson.
The drama thing, so I'm a se a section hand already on that and I've even got a, well we're supposed to listen to it tomorrow, we've got a tutor period instead, so it means that we miss another lesson.
Yeah, I'm out tomorrow night, I'm out school, selling books again so should be at home.
Yes I'm trying to get it done, but I am getting pressure from the year group as well, it was, and so I've got that, back out at Wednesday, so I'm gon na have to have my hair done last.
Erm, got a rehearsal have n't I?
I mean I've backed out of going, having, I'm supposed to be working on that on the stalls as well but I backed out of that and said I've got a hair cut, erm, so I'll have to be done last.
Yes, er probably until about half four.
Yeah, you'll have to come home a bit er, a bit er.
She's so this'll probably be our last appointment here would n't it?
What her?
She would n't wan na drive an hour and a quarter.
She would n't drive an hour and a quarter, it's not worth it.
Well you can hardly ask her to drive round and er an hour and a half.
for twenty quid.
And granny have it done.
dad can have it done.
nice family outing.
Saturday.
she wo n't do that.
Oh right, yeah, I'd rather go up the road, stupid.
oh dear, see that tutor tomorrow morning for an hour, hey hey.
I ca n't do job, it's course work, do n't you understand?
How am I suppose to copy up course work, it's my own work.
What?
Mum it's a tutor period, it means work.
do n't sit around for an hour doing nothing.
but do n't be stupid.
Because he's a tutor.
I have D R N L As to do.
Good grief.
I've got to go and see Wally in tomorrow for the forms, I ai n't got any forms to fill in cos I'm officially not leaving, I'm only moving.
change of address.
it will be change, I ca n't say, is it, I mean I said it's a change of address, they know I'll probably be moved in four to six weeks.
Which is it gon na be?
Oh yeah, that's easy muck around do what I do.
Alright we were doing company law and.
I was damn good I knew everything, first I had to watch the accounts and secondly I'm looking at all this stuff for when I start my business.
so I'm saying ah that's that and that, that, so I basically have we were looking at erm, what's it?
Partnerships, did you know that if I start a partnership with Phil right, mum.
I will be completely liable for erm liability.
but that's, would n't affect me because I'll be taking loans out so there and I can have up to twenty er partners, nineteen in fact, because there's twenty partners altogether, basically, so there is definitely benefits for being in partnership.
I'm not having twenty partners, I'm having Phil and that's it.
Erm.
Erm, but sole, we're looking at sole proprietor as well, there's some good things in that, I E they're cheap to set up, stuff like that, so they're not bad as they go, but, I suppose well I'll have to sell when I've got more money, I did n't get any replies today not a single blooming one, I'm a bit cheesed off, so erm, I think I might ring back that one of the ones that I did get a reply from and say thank you.
Well dad said I should say something.
But er, it's all I've had for now I suppose, oh God I've got maths tomorrow, hate maths.
I do.
Oh I hate it.
be one G C S E I'll fail.
Dog went mad when I.
Eh?
Dog went mad.
dumping himself and running around and banging into doors and things, stupid mutt, so er, erm give him his Bonio, he gets, he now barks at me when I sit down, till I get up and give him his Bon Bonio mum.
well he is so cheeky, and you can tell when he's hungry cos he goes back for and stand by it again, sometimes he does and sometimes he does n't.
Well he's obviously hungry if he wants say have a second Bonio so I just give it to him so what oh excuse me will look good with my full colour and commendations and credits and.
Which means we've done three times in a night and a half, Agnes?
Oh, she's useless!
Yeah, may as well.
But today when we finished up to the middle of th here.
But erm so as what we have to do is to basically arrange start arranging things.
What do you reckon I should get?
Sort of trout trout hors d'oeuvres and stuff?
Or smoked salmon hors d'oeuvres.
You know, bits of smoked salmon on cheese sticks and things.
Cos you do n't want wan na have a meal, sort of nicknacky that you can sort of nibble.
Sausage rolls and stuff like that sort of thing.
I do n't suppose you fancy taking this tape machine home tonight do you, and recording some of your conversation with your brother or something?
Er, I wonder if we should take this to school tomorrow?
Yeah, I tell you what you could take this to school for me.
And you could tape it, er imagine it's yours.
well, then you wo n't get the comments will you that I get?
What do you think?
What about German?
German?
Art?
Oh!
What about me?
Andrew!
Erm.
Are you quite finished?
Do n't do it!
Turn this off.
Erm.
Mm.
You could of course, have a big marquee in the back garden.
What?
Yes you are!
I asked first!
I'm sorry, I asked first!
I do!
Because you can tape like music, beginning music and then he can tape it, he only wants a couple of minutes beginning.
I want the music, cos I wan na co introduce them to music, so tape it, I asked first!
I asked first!
So you tape the music, I asked first!
No!
I asked first!
Alistare!
It's my damn tape!
Right!
Okay then!
Yo fine, I'll just wipe the thing!
It wo n't survive, I'll wipe it!
Flipping scum!
Punch his face in!
I hate him!
So, we can have.
a marquee out in the back garden.
Be a bit cold would n't it?
I know!
No, read it properly!
Read it.
properly!
Er, er er er, Mel.
Thank you!
Told you!
You did n't believe me did you?
And I had a Valentines Card, ha ha ha!
Ho, ho, ho!
A tough, tough!
Yeah..
Mm!
No, she wrote it herself.
Because, I do!
I want you!
Noticed the poems rhyme without detection there.
It's because, I have a rather large.
to give myself up!
A finger of fudge is just enough to give me myself a dee dee dee dee!
If, I'll fill my with goodness, nothing now can save her.
But do n't!
Please, now this is a conservative household!
Maggie Thatcher rules good on her!
Down with the poor!
Up with the rich!
I agree!
Erm.
Ah!
I can, am bringing Claire a present tomorrow.
Graham.
I dunno.
She wants to see who's interested in po in helicopters.
I think it's which er sixty ki six.
Komenchi.
That's a nice helicopter!
What?
List of what?
Oh it's underneath there.
Er it was there it is!
Read them out again, start from the beginning.
Slowly.
Clare and Graham.
Start from the beginning, slowly.
No, start from the beginning.
No!
I'm not gon na well, no.
Not Kate.
Definitely.
Definitely.
Definitely.
Definitely.
Definitely.
Definitely.
Definitely.
Maybe.
Maybe.
Sarah wacko?
Oh definitely!
Oh.
yes!
Tony.
No!
No!
No.
No!
No.
No.
No.
No!
Danny.
No.
Erm, Bryant maybe.
No.
I did n't put Paul!
Could n't have been him.
So I'm gon na show dad that list this weekend see if he says oh oh oh!
Yes.
Well he will trust me not to invite rebels!
And you can hardly say.
that those are rebels can you?
Helen.
Helen's quiet, Jenny's quiet ooh I tell you what, I'm beginning to fall for Jenny actually I have to admit.
She kept looking at me today in.
now, at lunch.
Giving me all sad looks cos she feels sorry for me.
My little Helen!
Ooh!
You wan na perhaps.
So if we can, yeah, well I suppose so.
So I've recorded half an hour of tape already up here.
I got.
What?
?

I thought was a G?
That video was quite fun this morning was n't it?
Ah.
Yeah!
But imagine that!
I, th there's no need to show in schools or anything like that!
No, it was that's.
Yeah!
Yeah, that's it.
It was quite funny was n't it?
It was quite funny, I have to admit.
She was very good looking!
I thought she looked like Sarah.
Well, she yo, she was er do you think I should invite Sarah?
No, not really.
That's the problem.
She, she'll get on with them.
And I'm not having Melanie!
Ah, you're joking!
She's going out with a nineteen year old!
She's gon na even lived with him!
Sarah!
Yeah!
He's.
he's he's er, she's goes for the rich guys you see.
No.
She's got everything!
She's very intelligent, she's very rich, and she's very attractive!
She's damn good!
I would n't kick her out of bed on a cold night!
I must admit.
But.

Yeah.
It's not good!
Done really good!
German in three years, like that.
Well oh yeah!
So, well that's what we'll have to do then.
I'll have to have a have to have a word with good old dad and see what he suggests.
Basically, say, ah ya!
Das is good Das fater That's, my father in German.
Erm yes.
Did n't I just say it.
Er er God I'm.
Mine a Ah!
Open that cupboard.
Cupboard.
And the other wo, and the other.
Mm.
Is there a green lined shirt in there?
No!
Green lined, it's white with green.
lines.
Yep.
That's the one!
Get it out.
The shirt.
Just get the shirt out!
Ge get it out on the hanger that's it!
Do n't knock it off!
Bring it over.
Good!
Put it up on the door handle!
Put it on the door handle.
Of course, I'm getting twenty five quid from there.
Put it on the door handle.
Cos I'm gon na use it tomorrow.
Put it on the door handle!
Yes!
So just leave it on that, that's it.
Now go into the cupboard.
and you should find a pair of trousers.
Cos I ca n't be bothered to get up!
Ah!
In between the.
red and the green shirts, there's a pair of trousers.
That's it!
Can you get them out then?
That's the one!
Put that on the door.
Good!
Er denim jacket on top of that I think.
Do n't think, denim jacket?
Just to Rush School.
I'm just wearing the denim jackets as casual jackets to take off when we get there.
We're going to perform our stupid play!
About the sodding Rush and I'm gon na die!
I know all my lines, my lines is, my name's Robert and I like playing cowboys and indians.
I then in front of Sam and she's the headmistress and I say, I've been sent to see you by Miss Huddy, Miss Trudgenell, because I got caught.
cleani, co cos I got caught pulling a little girl's pigtails.
She said erm tt do n't you know it's ma only my privilege to do that?
And I say, no Miss Trudgenell, she says er, why did you do it?
I said, because I wanted to, see miss and she says, right!
Bend over my table!
She gets the cane out and just as she's about to whip me, er Jane walks in.
Yeah.
And then er, basically, that's it!
That's my lines.
Danny has to go down on the floor, put his hands on hips and go, evening all!
Bends his knees, cos he's a policeman!
Yeah.
That's it!
That's right.
And he says.
Oh God!
It's, he is such an awful actor!
Even I ca n't.
Exactly!
He is, he does!
He goes, evening all!
Evening all, prowlers!
He does!
Evening all!
I'm a policeman! who's innocent?
He's he's just terrible!
He's crap!
What, do you reckon I should wear.
What me?
Oh oh!
No, he's no good!
Shall I wear that one?
Shall I wear that lemon one?
That er, one in between, next to the red one.
Yeah.
Or do you reckon I should wear a white casual.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Exactly!
That's what I said!
I thought I se, I'll be a boy, er Donna's.

What's the matter with grey trousers?
Grey trousers maybe?
Black shoes, grey trousers and that?
What about black trousers?
Oh!
A cloak.
Or do you reckon that shirt?
What that one?
Do you think that, that one maybe?
Do you reckon she'll prefer it in that colour?
There's my Global Hypercolour.
Ooh there again, what do you reckon to these?
I've never worn these?
Get into these actually.
Bloody hell!
This was half price!
Aargh!
Jesus!
Twenty five quid.
Yeah.
What do.
you reckon?
Those?
That's a possibility.
Do you prefer them to those ones?
Right.
Those are more casual actually.
And I can wear a white shirt straight laced white.
Oh!
Wow!
You should see it man!
Wo ooh, ooh, ooh!
You want to.
Wow!
Erm, a very, very, very, very, very slinky erm black skirt and tights, and a very low top!
I'm talking seriously slinky!
A er.
We're talking seriously tasty!
So.
It's over there.
It's good stuff this!
Thank you very much.
You seen it?
That's right!
Yep!
It's good stuff for bad breath actually!
Just go.
See it kills all the throat hairs!
The throat tissue.
I suppose we should get our German actually should n't we?
German, German.
Yeah.
To put our thing onto tape.
Why?
Mean, how the hell you gon na do that?
That thing we did in class.
Yeah.
Ow!
Ow!
Right, so just a minute, so let's let's plug up this te te, ta ta ta ta ta tape.
Ivor!
No, use that while I'm doing the entertainment.
So.
Oh well I would n't mind being entertained by her!
To be perfectly honest.
Ooh!
Very nice indeed!
Yes!
You got a flinch or something?
You got a flinch or.
keep on doing that!
I'll in the eye, do n't want this waste my expensive deodorant!
This stuff costs a fortune now!
This Lynx is expensive as well!
This is one ninety nine a can!
And it does n't last very long, there's only about two week's worth there!
Cos I absolutely spray myself to death!
Erm booze, booze!
We got ta limit that.
So you do n't want food?
You do n't want, you just want sort of crisps and nicknacky things.
and sausages and hors d'oeuvres.
Salmon and you want salmon on rolls.
on biscuits?
Salmon on the rolls, and.
salmon on toast and sort of stuff like that?
Toasted salmon.
Basically.
What?
Again?
You have n't.
Er.
Ha ha ha ha!
No.
Yes!
You told me that one!
Yes, well that's er, er really not Andy!
I've got a joke for you.
What do you call a Scouse in a five-bedroomed house?
What do you call a Liverpudlian in a suit?
Yes!
Oh you heard it?
You sod!
Erm why do Essex girls wear knickers?
Why do erm what's the difference between a Skoda and an Essex girl?
You can drive an Essex girl more than a hundred yards!
Er.
Oh well, I'm not surprised.
You do, sort of, put them under wear and tear.
Oh dear!
I sprayed my hair!
I hold my hair spray!
On her head!
Good possibility!
There is rumours decisive rumours that she's gon na wear on it her head!
She looked very nice today in Science!
I was watching that film and thinking of her.
I have to tell you.
Oh true!
Can you imagine, Stuart asked her out!
Can you imagine that!
He's walked up to her and asked her out!
He was a prat!
I spent six months too priming my time then.
it still did n't damn well work, too right!
Yes!
She's, well looking at her in P S E D and she looked so cute and adorable!
Helen.
Oh, Jenny's not to bad either!
And Georgina's not bad either!
But Sarah Jane's, wow!
Well!
She's just darn right good looking!
Yes!
It's huge!
Her bum.
Sarah's.
It's a whopping great thing!
just trying to lift it!
Yeah.
You get it is, her bum as well!
Oh dear!
So I've basically got ta take one of those suit holders in tomorrow to school for my costume.
Cos I'm not gon na go in and get it ruined.
As, Lloyd Grossman would say it's quite novelty.
That's right.
No you ca n't say that one without a.
Erm damn!
I've forgotten what I was gon na say!
Ah, phone!
Phone!
Phone!
Aha!
Mum's got it.
It'll be for Alistare.
Fifty P bet it'll be for him!
Fifty P bet!
Here we go!
She's come upstairs.
Yep!
Fifty P bet?
Fifty P bet!
Oh Christ, it's for me!
Who is it?
Girl or boy?
Hello?
Hi!
What do you want?
Alright, I'll have to.
I've got little Andy sitting here!
It's.
Go away!
Yes, you were saying?
We have n't got any.
No, we did n't!
I rang Danny and already checked so there is n't basically!
That's crap!
Is Jim there with you?
Or is he at home?
No!
No!
No, no, no!
No, that's crap!
We have n't got any.
No!
None at all.
we.
Forget about it Nick!
Did you hear that?
Did you hear what he said?
Oh well, basically well.
oh it's nothing of interest.
Shut up!
What?
Do what?
Do what?
Oh well, nothing of interest.
Erm, no yo I've, er I've asked him at the parents ' evening what he expected us to do for economics, right?
And yo you're never gon na guess what he wants us to do for our final bit of course work?
We have got to go and stand outside Marks and Spencers and ask questionnaires and we've got ta do the same in Wimbourne.
Ridiculous or what!
I think it's crap!
I think it's pathetic!
I think it's ridiculous!
We're never gon na get that done are we?
Are you gon na go and stand outside Marks and Spencers and get arrested?
For asking surveys?
Oh God!
I think it might be worthwhile actually so the school can come and bail us out!
Urgh!
God it's ridiculous!
I mean, you ca n't do that sort of thing, surely!
Oh well, I think it's ridiculous!
As you can tell, I said, Andy's been drinking I think.
I would n't know.
Er, blackcurrant yeah, blackcurrant mate, I'm afraid.
So I I was a bit stupid letting him on that sort of thing.
We were this, just discussing the party here that we're having and we've now got twenty five guests you see.
Twenty five!
It should be a great doss up!
Donna, Georgina, Sarah, er er er.
Georgina, er, Helen, Jenny, Claire, Claire, Sarah Madeline, that lot.
It should be a great doss up!
So.
Pardon?
Yeah, and you, Phil, that lot.
Phil's gon na basically, when we've all had as you would know with all the other girls, then erm he basically has to come and sin erm, we repent to him, basically!
Yes.
Exactly!
That's basically what we, er what's happening.
Right!
Anything else I can help you with?
Oh, rightio!
Yes.
What?
When's what?
Oh I do n't know exactly.
As soon as I can arrange a free couple of weeks away, yep.
Cos I got ta get booze and food and all that stuff in.
So, Andy's gon na hire a video camera to, to film er Stuart and Phil, and that stuff.
So it should be a good laugh like a good old er, jolly jaunt!
But we'll have to have a look.
Right!
I will let you go then.
And I lost the bet by the way, cos I said to da, Andy, I bet you fifty P it was for my brother, and it was n't.
So.
I'm going to kill you tomorrow!
Right!
Okay?
Oh thank you!
Oh do n't go!
So, I'll basically see you tomorrow.
Okay.
See you!
Bye!
Oh it was!
It was for me!!
Well there's not a great deal to talk about.
As.
it goes.
But you have to have, er it'll be good if you could find something for her.
Well you.
Well not active, but you do go down to Portsmouth quite regularly do n't you?
Can you find out for the Army for me?
And.
Put it forward.
See what they can recommend.
That is a serious option actually.
Recruit, there's a.
erm there's two guys want to go in the Marines in mine anyway and so they're paying erm, A levels of fifteen hundred quid for one of them.
He's getting paid fifteen hundred.
quid A levels.
And so, if I do that for the army and then get them to do my degree as well.
So, you get fifteen hundred for going the Ar, er, doing A levels, which is n't bad is it?
Have a with that.
So, that's not too bad.
And you have.
are you going to look around the house again tomorrow?
Are you going for a buy then?
Can we go again?
Yeah.
We could pop up this Saturday.
Oh er Sammy.
So, when they gon na sell he his, this week?
Oh God!
They're playing around!
Or they would have got back would n't they?
By now.
Have you filled in all th, did you hear telephoned back?
The one you were supposed.
did you call that number back?
Who was it?
Estate Agent, probably.
Oh my God!
I thought it was important!
Should n't have bothered!
Said, I should n't have bothered.
No you.
No, you got one from mum in the evening.
Oh!
And I thought he came back again.
Oh my God!
Oh!
But er, yes wo n't be long but er it's ridiculous!
It's not plugged in, there's not enough plug sockets.
Heater.
Oh!
True.
Is it a big, oh you quite often get messages on there.
Could be important.
Madeline's offering.
mum advice about moving.
She's never moved in in, what is it, thirty years?
It's our fifth in ten years.
Yeah!
You could say that.
She rang erm a le, did she tell so, did, mum tell you about the time she had erm some calls about two in the morning?
Imagine calling Maggie at six in the morning!
I mean, Glenys at six in the morning.
I think they'd got another hour.
Sh she's weird!
Did n't i oh that cedar table needs re layering.
You ca n't read Belgian though can you?
Oh, did n't know you could.
Oh it's better than buying a new one is n't it?
Oh, you're going through those!
Do you have to ti, do you tick them off against your cheque book stubs?
Bank?
Stadium?
Yes.
Have n't you er, you got Alistare insured, and you have n't got me insured?
It is true.
I'm not insured!
He is!
Mum says he's insured.
Oh!
Brilliant!
So if I pop my clogs nobody get any.
But erm oh damn!
Stay there.
Why ca n't I get rid of this thing for you?
Save the accountants doing it.
Your cheques on the statements.
Mm?
Because it's dead easy!
So why do n't I do it for you?
Say cos the accountants, that's sort of fifty quid you've saved.
Well he does it does n't he?
Do you do them?
He goes through and puts circles round everything and ticks off.
But we, cos I'll have to do it for you so, something interesting for me to do.
I love doing that!
Great fun!
I used to be able quite regular.
With the P C and B.
Oh dear!
My friends are already applying for their summer jobs.
Yeah.
James has applied to Macro.
He'll probably get in as well, little, bloody sod!
But, I'll have to see, yeah I'll have to g pop along to Liphook Actually, if we do that if you re do go back, well I can pop round the village ca n't I?
Sort of if I go smartly dressed I can see if they've got anything.
Got ta ring Phil actually, wha is it too late now?
Dad?
Is it too late to ring Phil?
It's about my C, will I get my references.
Cos it's, I've got ta get th, ask if I can if they need a, explain er.
Oh well I'll, have to ring him tomorrow, it's very important!
Ca n't forget that.
Cos then we sort of, turn out, get a finger out and get a move on!
And so, it does n't look good if I do n't bring the information in so I'd better hurry up with that.
I've also got ta put my German onto tape tomorrow.
I have n't got a microphone, what a shame, I ca n't!
Ah dear!
No, I ca n't do that.
So erm that's German homework I ca n't do.
Dear oh dear!
Oh!
Oh, oh!
I'm.
Oh very funny!
You're being sarcastic I take it?
No I am aching actually, I do n't know why.
Not good enough!
habit.
Erm there's no reason why I ca n't go out with you on Friday is there?
To Liphook.
If you're going up that house on Friday afternoon.
Pop up to London we could already.
Just saying, just in case you do!
I can leave at the new.
new house.
Oh I've got my biology tomorrow.
Aargh!
Dum dum da!
Should be doing about.
Found it?
Found it?
Well it must say, la la la la.
You're not gon na stop insuring yourself are you?
God!
Increase the premiums.
I still think it'd be good if my bike went walk about.
Be a good way of doing it.
Get it practically sawed up and that.
Got plenty of friends who would be willing to saw it up.
I do!
Saying it's broken.
Why?
What do you mean they mature?
You can collect them?
Are they pensions?
What?
Yeah.
Oh fabulous!
You mean, in other words, you wo n't have life insurance left.
So money you've put into life insurance, goes?
Oh!
Oh, great!
So.
in other words the money from your life insurance will pay the mortgage?
So we've not got that much hassle then?
So well then, what you worrying about?
Good!
Glad to hear it!
What happened to the grand throw out this year?
Listen though if, we ca n't keep everything again!
If we go through and chuck out all the grotty stuff.
Well, wardrobes and stuff like that.
Cos, we can get rid of these ca n't we?
Sell these?
That, this and that.
But keep th, keep the.
Do n't see why not.
What and that thing?
That can be chucked.
Well we're gon na need two removal vans.
We did n't fit in the last one.
We only just fitted.
And that was squeezing it.
Had n't you better contact Pickfords.
Cos er they might sort of book them up ahead or something.
Are n't they?
Oh yeah, true!
So, in other words, you can push them down a bit.
Did you get the er bit they saved on the stamp duty to buy the kitchen?
Does that mean yes?
Oh good!
Mum was so embarrassed!
She did n't know how you got the chee, the nerve to do it!
Disgraceful!
If you do n't ask, you do n't get anything.
Exactly!
But do you think they'll load the thing on the joints?
Or.
But it should n't be too much should it?
We eve, we can dig them up and fix them, really, there's real problem getting anybody in.
So why have the three trees got ta come down?
What three trees are they?
Ah!
Oh that, that one.
the big one?
Yeah.
Oh tha, we need that anyway.
Oh brilliant!
Oh no!
Not that big one?
Oh!
tt.
I bet next door are gon na get bitchy are n't they?
Why's it got ta come down?
Does it have to?
Yeah.
Lovely!
Yes.
Why is it smaller, it's much smaller is it?
Is this the biggest one in the section?
It must be pretty near it.
It's got the biggest garden in the area.
You can see that about five garden size.
Well it's a property!
He said it was a big one did n't they?
Cos it's probably double the size of this one.
It's got ta be well it's ri, what do you reckon, four thousand square feet?
It must be pretty close.
So you do n't need all this, surely?
What do you need Alistare's report for?
Oh Christ!
I'm gon na burn all of mine!
, I keep them it's such a waste!
So when are nan and granddad gon na come then?
Are they gon na come and stay with us, sort of in December.
onwards?
God you can tell that had n't been open for a while!
Ss.
Struth!
This never changes.
Mm, course.
What's the passport for?
Is that an old one?
Oh God!
Who's that?
Peace.
police, peace like man!
It says.
But this stuff needs brushing out once it's that supposed.
to be quite simple to remove.
I'll have to try something different.
I thought it'd be nice if you get, the teachers I get on really well with a bottle of wine or something.
Cos there's only a few that I get on really well with.
Probably more than that actually, and er well they are.
, no it's about four five probably.
You almost got those doctors.
What time is it, by the way please?
You got a watch on?
Oh God!
I better check my.
Be a bit late.
Yeah.
Pretty fancy though.
Must still be in there somewhere.
It must be in there then.
God, I'm thirsty again!
I've been thirsty all evening!
Makes you thirsty.
Mm.
Maybe it is a flu going around then.
Throw?
What leave them bills and everything?
And guarantees?
Ooh God, they've had the house at a cheap rate anyway!
They can damn well pay for these stuff if it breaks down!
Are we taking the cooker with us or not?
So they get i, we will work pay for all our appliances and stuff?
Will work pay for all our appliances?
Well a lot of, yeah?
And water softener as well?
All those big salt pebble things I have to fill up every week in the?
Good!
Does she like them?
Stick some raw eggs and things down there.
Get it chopped up.
It's a great laugh!
But we want one of those halogen jobs.
What are they called?
Hobs.
They are nice!
Not a bad price either.
Mm.
About five hundred.
Not bad!
You ca n't burn stuff on them either, can you?
Exactly!
So that's a definite bonus!
I do, you know those frying pans that you bought, the frying pans and saucepans?
An, you know the metal bit that's by the handle that's a really poor safety device!
On the saucepans there's a metal rim sort of piece at the end of the handle.
that that touches the actual saucepan.
when you pick that up you put your thumb on it!
And I burnt myself so many times on that!
Yeah but it's.
it's.
difficult.
Are we leaving the washing machine, by the way?
Well that absolutely, we've got ta get a new washing machine!
We have, look, this one!
Oh I suppose so.
Is it?
Oh right.
Well that makes a difference, solid floor.
Oh oh!
Will you stand it, sort of the garage in your er best job of the afternoon?
Wo n't be too bad.
Well this, well I think it's a Hotpoint.
Everything you buy is a Hotpoint!
Well L E C are pretty good that's why we buy them!
So, oh!
The tapes nearly run out!
Thank God!
Only a bit more to go.
I bet I will get nice and fluffed out so that it.
I will keeping talking to this stupid machine!
Oh God!
But still oh er.
They'll probably contact and they'll check every single doctor.
Then I'll I think it's disgraceful!
We'll have to get the guy out from Sticks and Stones to do our fireplaces.
Is it a real fire there, by the way?
There's on in the bedrooms?
Now, let me guess, you're having that one?
Oh!
So we we have proper logs?
Over there?
Brilliant!
Roasting chestnuts!
Cooking crumpets!
Marshmallows!
Cor, it's ages since we've done that!
Used to do it down there and we used to get stones that blew up and poinged everywhere!
Ah, I love that!
Yeah!
Brilliant!
So we'll have to have that cleaned as soon as we get there.
Get a chimney sweep in.
I suppose I could clean it really.
Do n't see why not.
Might be a big fire.
Is it a big fire?
Is it?
I ca n't remember.
Which room is it in?
Oh, and that's the ballroom, I think it's called dad, the ballroom.
It's called the ballroom!
Well it's big!
Big house!
It's got ta be there somewhere so just let's and find it.
Oh God, I'm starving!
Oh!
I thank God that.
Oh I'll take Twiglets into school tomorrow.
Make a change.
Get.
Twiglets and er and the pasty.
You have to get the done as well.
Exactly!
I do n't think you'll ever get tha that to be done now.
Not with the rigging, the rigging's had it!
No, it's a bit difficult.
It's a shame, it's a beautiful ship!
Did you buy it from?
How much did it cost?
Probably about sixty three is n't it?
Shame!
Lovely.
Cos it's the solid ones.
Yes.
You'd have to repaint and stuff as well.
Find the.
on some.
on some.
We went to Parkside Reproductions your desk the maho, mahogany one.
No you said for the new office.
Oh dear!
Let's go and watch the news.
Ah!
I saw what's his name today by the way.
. And clobbered me again!
Wanted to know if you'd said anything.
Mum?
I mean, if I said anything to you.
Me me me mention yo, something in the newsletter.
Wa wondered if you were gon na do anything.
So, I said no, I'd mentioned it to you and talked about it.
I think he must think we're complete idiots or something!
I've got a temperature, by the way.
Mum?
Are you going to sit there and read the paper, or do nothing?
Well you gon na, oh I've got ta bring a cup of tea in for you, have I now?
Oh right!
I'll get up and get the damn thing shall I?
Do you want me to do anything else while I'm up up and about?
There we go!
Anything else you'd like while I'm up?
Scratch your back, or get the paper, or the get the post in, or take the dog for a walk or then, shall I?
I said, I can do tea.
Well I'm not doing tea, Alistare can do it, he's been home all day!
He's been home all day.
Yes, he's been home all day I'm not doing it tonight!
I've got things to do.
Yeah.
Yeah!
Do n't see why you ca n't do it.
If I'm supposed to be doing it.
Can you take it in tomorrow mum?
I better take it back tomorrow had n't I?
Mum?
Yes.
Four thirty.
And you wo n't be home before four thirty will you?
If you can take it in tomorrow I'll be much obliged!
Why ca n't you just leave it on?
Yes, I did.
Gon na give Mel a ring tonight?
Mum?
Mum?
Mum!
Oi!
Can I give Mel a ring tonight?
Mum!
Why not?

Oh flipping heck!
You shut up as well dog!
You miserable mutt!
It's hardly difficult is it?
Is it?
Oi!
How many of them did they get out, done?
How many did they get them to, done?
Three?
Pathetic!
I got two other evenings to do at school now.
Mum.
Got, parents ' evening on the fifth and tenth to do.
Helping out I guess.
I think it's wo, it's worth for the school.
I must say it's that er.
Yes, I do know that!
So tired.
Dinner's almost ready now.
He was upstairs when I came in tonight.
Got ta give Phil a ring tonight.
Ai n't he stupid!
Wo!
Almost fell off.
dog!
Ha!
What is he doing?
What's this?
Oh, one of those jobs!
Why is wasting so much time?
Why has n't he put his fingers in between it?
I thought that was a mistake then he made.
Why the hell does n't he do you get locked in with three?
That is cruel!
I'd say sod the crystal and just sort of take him out.
Bit disastrous!
Oh we do n't want baked beans!
We always have baked beans.
Go on then!
There's a tank in the paper beside you.
Yes you can.
Do n't see why not.
Oh!
This is Debbie, oh this is, might be quite good I think I might go and watch this actually.
Mum!
Might go and watch this film.
Not bad.
Look, so I've got ta remember my drama stuff tomorrow.
Mum?
I've got ta go and pa, to the shoes, polish the shoes, polish both pairs of shoes, in fact.
Two pairs to do now.
Get the thing out of the my trousers, the shirt.
and I wear my denim jacket on top.
But if I do n't pick it up, cos if I do n't take it in I'll in the morning.
Yes I know.
Stupid keys!
There's a tank in the paper for sixty quid today.
Then why did n't I go, er I might ring up and see what it's like.
Christ!
I hate this advert!
Oh it's ca n't stand it!
He's pathetic as well!
I'm not up Phil's this weekend.
He's got a course until Sunday afternoon and I'll probably Sunday afternoon, I might even do that.
Yeah, and I've got the weekend off aft, er that got ma.
Oh well it, I must admit.
Yeah.
Great!
I ca n't, have n't got the information.
He did n't even give us the instructions, he wants it in in two weeks time!
I've not been given any instructions!
He, got it tomorrow, but he wo n't tell us anything.
It's ridiculous!
This is a stupid advert as well!
So we're missing lessons three, four, tomorrow.
Mum?
Unfortunately, it's drama I've got.
Oh I love that!
Is that the Radio Times you've read?
Anything interesting?
Dad reckons we can get a second contract done within two weeks.
I mean, he ca reckons we can have draft copies done.
That's what he says I can erm tell my friends.
No he said, take two weeks.
I do n't know.
Oh I better go and check the sausages.
Two gammon salads.
Sodding well running after you!
It's not fair!
Oh!
I'm still here!
Oi!
It's here mum!
Not bad is it?
Not a bad little machine at all!
It's supposed to.
I'd imagine.
Erm.
So we basically have to now plan the.
Another bloody packet of Polos!
You are!
You, just a bit!
What do you do, sort of buy them in fifty packs at Sainsburys?
Why are n't you gon na get them from Macros, it's only one pound ninety for forty eight?
I got Macro got a Macro card.
Mm.
Do you want me to get no, I'll get you a packet of Polos, a box of Polos.
Is this Macro's?
Have you got Macro cards?
Ah!
Cos I'll get you one.
Oh, put it in the cupboard!
Lock it in!
Give me the key!
Right!
So basically have to plan who we're going to invite to this party.
Oh, Donna's coming.
Donna's definite.
Sarah, Claire what do you reckon to her?
If she comes, she does n't get on well with Donna.
She does n't get on well with Donna.
Er.
Sarah?
She's a definite.
She's got ta come.
Yeah.
Helen, definite.
Jenny definitely.
Claire definitely.

Erm, Lisa wan na come, Donna want Lisa to come.
Erm.
Oh it's one of Donna's friends.
Erm.
Tony Paul.
No.
No, no, not her.
No.
she's got blonde hair.
Erm who else?
Paul, you.
me, er er er Tony.
Josh Ja, Stuart?
That will be, that'll be very choosy.
Pardon?
Je, you got ta put James.
Andy, er James?
Yeah.
Cos he gets on well with other people.
Claire?
Claire?
Er Sarah?
We wan na get about twenty twenty five.
Oh, yeah!
Do n't you?
No, he's alright is Andy.
He can be.
To be perfectly honest, he is quite an embarrassment!
Yeah, I agree actually.
Yeah, can be a pain in the arse!
To be quite honest.
Erm, yeah maybe not him.
Madeleine?
Get on well with her.
Erm.
Yeah.
She's already said, how many bottles do you want me to bring?
So this will be the party of all parties!
I've basically got ta pay someone to be be the bouncer for the day or for the evening.
I'm not having these silly old sods turning up!
This is gon na be a strictly invitation only.
No!
Just have a load of booze.
Load of booze!
Load of girls!
Then.
Anyway, you're a no that's the pavilion that's the pavilion so.
Sure you'll find some way to warm yourself up!
So, basically, what you wan na do is get Donna drunk.
As soon as she has.
I would.
Me!
I'm gon na be seducing her!
Er Helen Jenny.
Yeah.
Good idea!
Is that mum calling?
Just a minute, I'll just go find my clo Mum!
Mum, where's my bed clothes?
No, if we do that, that's a good idea!
That's basically what we have to do.
No?
No James?
Right!
Okay.
We'll keep him out then.
Cos we've basically got ta find people that people'll be happy with or that they know.
So I know most of them, I get reasonably well with most of them.
I'm not inviting anybody I do n't like!
Erm so.
James who?
That's no, what the hell!
Why, do n't you like him?
I really like him.
But, you want.
I but I wo n't then.
Yes.
I just thought, what the hell!
I do n't anybody absolutely rowdy and out of it if somebody's to be perfectly honest.
Yes you do.
So, you definitely, Murphy definitely, Tony definitely cos Tony and Paul get on well with all of them.
No.
Er Donna definitely, Helen definitely, Jenny definitely.
What Jenny and Helen?
Mm mm mm mm, depends.
Erm.
Oh you wo n't!
Sarah definitely!
Oh I dunno!
Willing to find out!
I'm willing to find out!
Ooh yes!
But er, definitely, she has to come.
Oh yes!
Very tasty, yes!
Though, yeah, but she may think, oh well!
But erm so she's got to, you're gon na make a list of people.
No.
She's quite friendly to talk to actually.
Er, Eleanor Rebecca she's actually quite a party animal when she gets going!
She's quite a good laugh!
She gets on well everyone.
You want people who feel confident in a group.
You want some you want some ringleaders who get on well, so you sort of bully them into things, which Donna is!
Definitely!
She is bossy leader basically!
So we're just going to practise what we saw yesterday.
Oh really!
She's even better from a big.
Certain definite.
But you do n't want to have people sort of splitting up into groups like you say, sort of standing around which will be a bit embarrassing.
You want to get them in, see the drink, have a drink and basically get drinking.
Ow!
What was that?
Look!
What?
Yes.
Right.

Well I do n't believe you're gon na just do away with her!
Unless she's completely drunk, blind drunk and I have n't already given her a good seeing to!
So, to be perfectly honest I think er you're out of luck mate!
Cos, I will be first in line!
I will be first!
It's er, well.
It's highly surprising!
Just a minute.
And dad thinks it should be alright, no hassle!
Mum's iffy, but she says with er.
No,.
Oh come on!
Bloody cramping our stu, they'll be a bit cramping our style would n't they?
Come on!
Oh well!
But, no definitely not.
No, th I'm sending them up.
Well if it, dad says two weeks now, so it could be next, not this Saturday coming, the Saturday after.
Or it could be the Saturday.
No.
Yeah.
Or it could be the Saturday after that one.
Yes, I should really.
But.
erm.
it does become a problem.
No!
She's too.
much of a trout!
Trout.
Yeah.
She's an old fish!
Look at that, that's all my German!
Mm mm, yeah.
That's all the German cards I put down all my vocabulary.
Not yet.
I have n't had time.
Have n't had time.
So so basically, in a minute, have to sit down and write a list of who is going to come and who is not and what order.
If you take all these off you get a fre, two free pizzas but I'm not gon na.
but I'm not gon na get to use these you see.
It's ridiculous!
Because you ca n't er, I ca n't really take it out.
See, I get three small pizzas if I took all these off.
But I ca n't!
You see she's collecting it at four thirty.
Oh God!
Friends.
Yeah.
I better fill in these actually.
Er I need a thing.
Oh Christ!
Is it have you got a pen on you?
No, no, no, oh God you're useless!
Er, you got one in your coat pocket?
Get it out then!
I have n't got one.
So Sarah's got to come!
Serious!
Serious!
Yes, yes!
Wow!
I just turn, I think I better tidy the room up that night.
I think she's.
Well it's.
er, well yes, definitely!
You have to admit, she's better than a kick in the wot-nots!
Right, so er tape, what day did I do this?
Tape, tape two.
Yep!
Lucky me!
It's my party cos I'm gon na stand at the door and everybody has to give me a big french kiss when they come in the door!
Apart from you!
I do n't mean you and the boys!
I mean the girls!
I mean the girls!
So erm basically jus.
What time did I start doing this, er, tape?
That one?
Ah crumbs!
Er about eleven A M.
Er, in which town, Broadstone.
This is worth twenty five quid.
Erm.
What were you doing during the conversations?
Now that was.
wha, during the conversation sitting in a car.
then.
in classroom.
See, it's not bad, it's in a classroom.
Right!
Er, in the space provided please write your names and details, no there is n't any.
Right!
First name crumbs!
Who was on that tape?
That was the doc, so it was me, Phil.
No.
No.
Then it was mum.
No!
Get stuffed!
They're not coming!
Yeah, but if you do n't invite them, tha, I'll talk to you about it in a minute.
It's ridiculous!
My mum sa, and then it was dad me.
Occupation?
Student.
Occupation?
Doctor teacher er, what's dad's?
Director.
Er, me, student.
Age?
Oh Christ!
What is my age?
Sixteen.
Forty two.
forty two.
What did I put dad down as being, age wise?
Forty two as, I suppose.
He is actually.
That is the truth.
Forty two, sixteen.
Sex?
Male, male.
female.
male, male.
Regional accent?
Have n't a clue!
Right!
Friend.
Doctor.
Mother.
Father.
Do you want a drink?
You sure?
Well give us a yell if you want er if you want a drink or anything.
Erm side two, have I just this side two?
Yes I have.
What's the date today?
Twenty seventh of the second ninety two.
What time did we start recording this?
Now, this was about five P M Broadstone Oh er, what were doing during the conversation?
What was I doing?
Talking yo, talking to you.
Yes, you're on it, moron!
Talking to pervert!
To friend.
Erm jus right!
Me, Andy.
Yeah!
Occupation?
Student.
Yep!
Student.
Age?
What's your age?
Sixteen and sixteen, that's right.
You're only two mo, two days older than me, or one day older.
Sex?
Er, not sure!
Ba zed!
Relationship?
Friend, I think!
Right.
And that's, that what one's er basically doing pretty well know we're getting the near the end of that tape.
That's that stupid tape done!
Oh God!
What's this leaflet for?
Oh that's tapes fifteen to twenty, I mean ten to twenty.
But, I have n't.
got that far.
Three.
Supposed to get twenty done but I'm not gon na get that many bu, cos I've been away you see and doing school.
Right!
Now, we've got a list to do.
No.
No way!
Cos I'm not daring!
Now, basically we have to decide.
Exactly!
We basically.
have to decide.
Sh!
Sh!
We basically have to decide who is gon na come, and who is n't.
Do you think we should invite Stuart?
I'm not sure about him.
What do you reckon?
I think he will be quiet.
I think he will be quiet cos he'll be embarrassed and all the girls will be there.
Becau, well what do you reckon?
I do n't think he, I think he wo I dunno.
Daniel will stare like a gormless goit!
Would you go round a circulate and talk to girls?
Well, do you think you would?
Donna?
No, you would n't!
Helen?

You blooming better not do!
She.
she's my property!
Yeah, you damn well will!
You can talk to erm.
Yeah.
Well Georgina will be coming.
Ow!
Erm so basically, well that's what we'll do.
I do so Stuart, I do n't think Stuart should.
I do n't think Danny should, will.
Is it?
I reckon it is.
Right!
So.
Difficult!
!
And he's not coming, no way!
Whisht!
No way!
No way!
So, let's make a rough guide.
Donna, Helen, Jenny who else?
Georgina, Claire, Claire, Sarah.
She's, damn right!
Er.
I've lost the flipping names again!
No need to.
I will write it down!
Right!
Let's have a look.
Right, erm who is it?
What's her name?
I've got Claire, no right!
Donna,.
Helen.
You flipping get that off your mind for start!
Jenny er, Georgina oh yes!
Georgina, er, who else is there?
Erm oh, do n't know what's the name of her!
Donna, Helen, Jenny, Georgina oh!
Claire.

Claire, Claire.
Sarah Sarah erm which other girls were we gon na er invite?
Er, who else is there normally in her group?
Not gon na invite Abby.
Rebecca.
Is n't, oh she is, now.
Yeah.
Rebecca erm.
Yes!
Cos she gets on well with a lot of those.
Jessica she gets on well with Donna.
Erm Costas we better invite cos he's a boy.
I think it'll just you and me here!
I like those odds!
Right!
Yes!
Where?
Sarah.
Sarah.
Right!
So you got Donna, Helen, Jenny, Georgina, Claire, Claire, Sarah, Rebecca, Jessica and Sarah.
Cos she's a, good friends with Rebecca.
Who else is there?
Tony.
I know it.
Yes, Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, maybe, yes, definitely!
Right!
Tony.
He gets on well with that lot.
Paul.
You and.
Andy, Sarah.
Yeah.
Tony, Paul, Andy.
Yeah, be a good laugh!
I think it might be worthwhile actually.
It's a good idea!
Ca n't be more than fifteen quid for a night.
Oh God!
I'll pay for the tape.
It's not a bad idea at all.
Da da da da da, da, da get Donna rat-arsed!
Yes!
That.
Now that's a word I want on the tape, rat-arsed!
Good word!
Erm.
So Paul, Andy, who else is the boys, we've only got three boys, me.
four boys, erm.
, yep!
Yep.
No!
Not James, that's right.
Oh, get lost!
No way!
So Ste, er, not Steve.
Well we got six boys now, and two, four, six, eight.
ten.
Two, just a minute, four eight, ten girls, and six boys.
Er who else is there?
If we can get we nee, can probably get another ten people yet.
You want a reasonable size, so people get on well with each other.
Who else is there?
What about Kate?
Invite her?
Course she does!
Put her down as a poss.
Erm you pu.
oh I suppose you pu, better put Stuart down.
And Danny down.
And down.
Yes I know.
Paul.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty.
Five more.
Another five more.
Yeah you wa, we wi who ar, who other girls are there?
Downstairs in the main two rooms, and the kitchen.
If we have alcoholic non alcoholic, fruit juices, mulled wine.
What food can we get?
You've been drinking again tonight have n't you?
I have.
At a push.
Er who else is there?
What are the girls, other, that we've always wanted to invite to a party and we have n't bothered before?
Got Donna.
Got Donna.
What about Sarah?
No, I bet she'd come actually.
Yeah, she's more friendly with the rest of them int she?
The other bou bunch.
What about Helen, as in the other Helen?
?
Do you reckon I should her down?
Yeah, she gets on alright with those.
Helen is not coming!
No way!
Er.
Oh get stuffed!
No!
I do n't care!
She's not coming and that's final!
Er, who else is there?
Ah, I do n't, I know, she's a good yes well!
She's.
so common!
You only reserved.
people!
I'm not having people.
wrecking the house, and that's final!
Erm.
Er, who else is there?
Erm.
Who else is there?
There must be some other girls.
Who's in our science group?
Go through the list of science group people.
Got her.
Got her.
Got her.
Got her.
Got her.
Yeah.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Oh, I know, erm.
No!
No, definite.
No, there's none there.
Erm Claire, Kate, Rebecca, Helen Jenny, on that table.
No, I was thinking of history, what th, where they are in history.
Erm so you've now got two, four, six, eight, ten, twelve, fourteen, sixteen, eighteen, twenty, twenty one so far.
Four more.
That's pushing it!
Dad'll let twenty five I think.
And everybody's got ta bring a present, so that's twenty five presents I get!
Twenty four presents, that's not bad!
Yes!
About four foot, five foot tall, yeah.
Erm.
Who else is there?
There's loads of oth, Georgina, have I got Georgina?
I've got Georgina.
Erm erm, erm.
Cos she was going to the panto thingy.
I normally invite Sarah whatsaname, gro, Sa Claire, er Claire.
cos she's gon na want to bring Gary with her.
And I ai n't having him round!
Erm I've got, what other boys are there?
Who else hangs in our, oh Phil, I'm not gon na invite Phil!
Do you reckon I should get Phil?
Yeah!
Do you reckon Phil?
Oh sod it!
Put him down.
Er ha.
Nobody dislikes him, but nobody knows him!
Right!
Let's go through the list.
Kate, she knows Donna does n't she?
Does n't she?
Kate, she knows Donna does n't she?
Ah!
Ka.
Kate knows Helen, Kate knows Jenny, Kate knows Georgina Cla, knows Claire, Kate knows Claire too.
Kate knows Sarah, Kate knows Rebecca, Kate knows Jessica, Kate knows Sarah, Jessica.
Kate knows Tony, Paul, you, me,,, yeah she knows everybody apart from Phil, probably.
Two Helens?
Why have I got two Helens?
Helens who?
Helen.
and, right!
Helen.
Erm.
Yeah!
None at all!
Great idea!
At least you can turn up with a sheet.
Er, ah ah!
Let's just say, ah ca be ah bip bam boo!
Erm.
Play strip bam boo.
Er.
What else?
Who else is there?
We need about three more.
What, our corner?
Er er er er er er.
Oh not Glen!
No!
Nah, not Glen!
Nah!
Not Glen, not Simon.
Not there's only about, there's only, so what, who else comes to our parties, er normally, our little ones?
It's normally, you, me.
I've got, Tony I've got, And, er.
Stuart I've got.
Ma Carl I've got.
Who else is.
He'll be quiet.
In front of this lot he'll would.
he'll have no choice.
We're gon na need loads of booze!
And loads of food!
I should say, if I, see if everybody put a pound towards it that's another twenty five quid.
But you ca n't ask to put a pound really can you?
Really?
Holmans.
Just borrow, hire one from Holmans.
Er Harris.
and Nash.
down the road.
So that's twenty si.
Oh, it's not for a while anyway so you need n't worry.
So that's that.
Yes.
I hope so.
I hope Donna acts weird in front of video cameras.
Oh well!
She was very nice on the er, phone, I have to admit that's what I er she's.
On the floor, exactly!
Yes!
Exactly!
Erm.
So that's the people.
She did.
Er er er hello!
She said it in her nice little voice, and I said hello, is Donna there please?
And she said, speaking!
That's right.
Speaking!
Oh yeah!
Oh well there's.
well there's not much difference.
Er, I think she's.
But who el, there's always other people!
Who else?
What other girls, dream girls would you like to invite?
Really beautiful bombshells!
Cos we're talking, this is gon na be one wild party!
And I ca n't think of anybody.
Or do you think that's enough?
Right!
Well we'll do that, unless they suggest somebody else.
Er, what to do.
And if every, everybody brings a friend then you're looking at fifty people, and I'm not looking at fifty people, I'm looking at this lot.
I'm not saying.
Exactly!
So that's basically twenty fiv, pe, that's enough.
Shall we do a little list on the computer, write it up?
So I can sho.
So I can show Donna and see what she thinks of the list?
Yes, we can wri, I'll put it in a minute when this tape's finished.
It's only got about another.
Tell you what, I'm gon na turn it off.
Yeah, but she.
Yeah, I know.
She's was blooming yawning!
Yes.
And he's a well, I do n't know.
See I'm gon na use this as a exercise to prove what a charmer I am basically!
Well dad'll put afford a fair amount, and I'll have to put, afford a load of money.
If you can afford to get one, yeah.
I do n't think it'll get used.
Not until we're drunk anyway.
But, I've got ta get mum and dad out the house somehow.
I shall try and arrange with Jean to get them that der, night.
To go up her place for a dinner party or something.
If we can sort of get them out for a night or even if they get back at twelve.
Yeah, what time do you reckon this party should go on till?
I was gon na say past eleven, Christ Andy!
I was gon na say twelve, what do you reckon?
Twelve, half twelve?
Cos by the time, that's about long enough is n't it?
You watch, eleven o'clock we'll all start to get really friendly with them.
And it's time to go home, exactly!
It's so damn sickening!
And then they'll, they'll completely return to their normal way on Monday morning.
Oh, it's a pain in the arse!
So, if, if I put twenty five forward, or fifty forward and dad puts fifty forward that's a hundred, we can get a fair bit of food for a hundred quid could n't we?
Well for a hundred we can get a reasonable amount.
Well say you spent fifty quid on booze.
you're looking at probably, you wan na get two twenty four packs, at least!
Christ, she does!
She drinks like a horse!
I'm talking severe boozer!
She's been out, I've seen her off her face!
She's been off her face quite a lot actually.
She likes being at parties and getting off her face!
So er if we do that, we'll get two twenty four pack, they've got a load.
I tell you what I will buy the minimum amount of drink, i .e. a twenty four pack and some wine, and do the mulled wine and everybody else can bring a bottle or some food.
Do it that way.
Say, it's basically, bring a bottle, or bring some grub.
Right?
Do it that way.
No, but I can pop down there on Saturday.
I'll pop down Saturday.
Have a word is just a basic jobby.
It's a, it's a little memento is n't it?
We can do copies of.
And sound.
You will be!
What a video camera?
Oh!
Nah!
He wo n't let us borrow that!
And he ai n't! is not gon na, I tell you that for a start!
No way!
You can just imagine at nine o'clock we've all got ta walk him home!
I'd die!
Well it depends if they want to stay the night.
I mean, some of them, if it's twelve o'clock they'll no, they'll say sod it and sleep the night!
, just get.
Shall we do that?
Ye, shall we have a pyjama party?
That'll be brilliant!
Oh good! with nighties!
Cor!
Wow!
Yeah!
Oh!
Ooh!
Ooh I co, ooh I'm liking the idea of this more and more!
Yes!
Oh definitely!
Mm!
So.
Yeah, it'll be a great laugh!
So, that's what we'll have to do then.
I'll have a word with Donna tomorrow see we, if she thinks it's a good idea.
and make sure.
Exactly!
See what she thinks.
If she thinks it's a good idea, we will then have erm a word with I'll make sure it's okay with dad and mum first basically.
And check to make sure cos they're gon na have an argument about it, I can see it!
Dad will say yes and mum will say no!
So.
Exactly!
It's got ta, you've got ta have booze though.
You can not have an evening with no booze!
What?
Who?
Oh dad wo n't, mum will.
Dad will have no problem, but he'll say you can get lager and stuff no problem.
He, there wo n't be any spirits, they'll say no spirits.
They'll say, right you can have lager and you can have wine.
But mu mum will say no to everything!
So, basically they'll be an argument between he, him and mum.
Er hopefully dad.
So.
Dad.
I hope!
And so, basically we'll open the main double doors downstairs so you can have people in the living room and in the sitting room.
Nobody would dare go upstairs would they?
I will if Bridget will come.
I'm wan na Donna and Sarah absolutely drunk and so erm, Helen as well.
Why, that way.
Taking all three upstairs and let them.
Before it's I'm gon na save the hot water for the next three weeks!
Looks like we'll be having showers!
Should be a laugh!
True!
Yes!
Oh wow!
I mean slightly, ah no this is gon na be a great laugh!
Such a thing to do!
So, if I have a word with, like I say, with Donna and see what she thinks, if it's a good idea.
I will basically do that.
So, that's what I'll do.
Great!
It's gon na be a great laugh!
I think if we get everybody by ooh, ten thirty we can have sort of a game of strip Trivial Pursuit.
That's right!
And Sarah!
Cor!
Yeah!
Mm.
Yes!
She is very tasty!
Wow!
Yes.
Right, that's what we'll do!
So, I'll get the booze from Macro cos they do reasonable value like, sort of the, twenty four pack for a tenner, so the er.
Yeah.
Tha tha that's.
Yeah.
That big one.
Yeah!
There.
Just do Ninti, oh they do Mas, Sega Master Systems for thirty two quid.
Yeah.
It's.
half price.
No, exactly.
That is, that adds it up.
And for.
Yeah, it does actually, it makes it forty.
Yeah.
Cos people still.
Bristol?
Oh, my dad's getting ne, new cooker and stuff from.
Oh!
Oh right.
Not bad!
Yeah, that's a nice one is n't it?
Oh!
Well that is just a crap jobby anyway!
Dirty job, I do n't like I, well it's alright.
Nothing to argue about.
God!
How much further has this tape got to go?
How much in that in your opinion.
How much is that your opinion to go?
It looks, there's about sort of quarter of a millimetre to go.
I think it's about five minutes is n't that right?
Oh what the hell!
Keep talking and we'll go and print this stuff onto the computer, our little list of names.
What?
No not really!
Oh!
No.
It's Brian Adams.
Only wanted to play a while, wo!
And he taught me to fly like a bird, wo oh oh!
Baby!
Thought I'd died and gone to heaven!
But tonight I never had before, yeah ah yeah!
Thought I'd died and gone to heaven!
I hope this is number one again.
This is probably number one.
This is brilliant!
Number five?
Oh!
It's a brilliant album!
This is a brilliant song!
Yeah.
You got the album?
What?
Oh did we do a copy for him?
Oh that's alright then!
He had one.
Oh, I'll take one box, there you are oh jolly good.
so it's tape one and tape two finished?
Yeah, according to this it says.
so we've finished the tape side B, on this page please write a detailed tape side A three er er oh three A three that's it there.
specific now what's the date today?
Twenty seventh?
Of the second ninety two, what time did you start recording this tape?
It was about seven o'clock in which town?
Broadstone, God I hate filling in these stupid forms.
what are you doing?
Talking to a friend.
Mm talking to a friend.
Yeah.
Donna?
She's very nice on the phone very nice indeed student, age sixteen, they're sixteen, male and male, relationship.
Yes I know, leave it off it makes a hell of a racket.
So if that's that, that's not bad, so yeah, so, so side three B now, so if we can get two and a half of three tapes done, cos then I can change the batteries and I get to keep, get a free pizza which is n't a bad thing.
Oh I used to find that Stuart, and then I distinctly went off them, absolutely free pizza.
this and one other Kodak battery good God you've got to take two of them, oh sod that ooh very nice, these cost quite a bit actually, it's three packets, ooh.
Fifteen quid, no more, no less.
you.
wan na borrow it for a night do n't you?
If you borrow the Friday night, if you put on the Friday night.

you close it.
Just close it.
Oh do close And.
Ha, well there's a window out there.
It's three storey drop, three storey actually.
Because there's another storey down the bottom floor, because if you noticed there's a huge great patio there, unfortunately, so er, so it's eight thirty seven, say you're being picked up nine thirty.
so we get another hour done, that's another hour of taping, so that's er one and a quarter tapes, sure you wo n't take it home?
Tape recorder.
three.
on this, do you want to take it to school tomorrow?
Do you want to take it to school tomorrow?
I mean I can give it to you to take it in tomorrow morning.
Cos you can sort of talk to people on the way up and record you in the car.
Well you strap it to your side of you.
Yeah fucking say.
you're turning sourpuss as well, ho, ho, ho, no I suppose not, she's coming to pick it up at four thirty, that's when I get my money which is very nice.
Mm.
and bit.
well I want some really good words in, like erm, spontaneous.
abruptly.
brouster yes.
paddle, er I like the word paddle, you swim for it.
ooh.
Yes I think, like some bacon with your ham?
Erm.
you should do our Julian Carey like we did before.
do his.
Do your Grace Jones thingy.
your Roger Moore, do your Roger Moore.
oh this is hard.
Oh that's dead easy.
Oh, yawn, what do you reckon you'll get for maths?
A.
A.
You jammy sod.
that's fucking awful, I'm gon na get a C, er Stuart's not set to get anything is he?
Big nought is not set to get passes in anything, do you know that?
So he will go to school, unqualified, that is really sad cos he's done all the exams and everything.
Er D's and E's.
D below.
No not C D, he'd not put it to C D that's complete rubbish no way.
Dunno what about science.
say it, even if he gets C Ds, he's not be getting into college is he?
He's a computer genius, but he's crap at everything else, geography he's useless at, economics he's useless at I'm aiming basically for, I'd be happy with four As, five As maybe.
Well so are you.
I'd be very surprised if you do n't get, if you get less than eight As.
Oh no, nor am I, you'll get an A for design.
A for art.
Have you started your final art piece?
What are you drawing?
A bowl of fruit you're drawing.
Oh yeah, do you get, do you get to do that later on.
you can do that later on.
Oh god do n't, er E E C butter mountain, oh that's sick, no thank you, oh god I'm tired, but, oh well, you'll get A for science as well.
A for German.
You're very close last time for getting an A, in fact you did get an A did n't you?
In marks, what you get?
Oh B, oh dear, oh god that's devastating, that was with no work.
I wish you would n't blooming try and kill the dog.
leave the poor sod alone.
Oh, this is boring what do we normally do?
We're normally drinking are n't we, we're out somewhere, boogying the night.
Yeah, it's gon na cost me too much this is gon na cost me a hundred quid, a hundred quid and a party is a bloody lot of money if you look at it, to be perfectly honest, we need a D J.
just to log the records on and watch them and sort of.
Yeah, that's what I do.
Have you checked it for hairs or anything?
what C D are you using?
You've only got one C D have n't you?
What have you got, anything?
anything good I mean?
Why?
What are they?
you've got Aha on C D?
When did you go and buy C Ds then?
When did you go and buy those?
You never spend your money.
and you got Aha on C D?
Anything else?
Wings of Love, oh I like that.
oh, oh, I'll borrow Wings of Love.
Oh god.
I'll borrow Wings of Love, bring it in tomorrow.
I'll borrow that.
so, I think we're.
now, call it eighty five plus tapes, got loads over the wings of love.
I'm trying to.
I'm tired I'm very tired, in fact I think I'll go to sleep, I've had enough.
I've had enough work today I've worked my nuts.
that ho have you read that how's it done?
It's very good, that big blue book.
that's a brilliant book.
Have you, not it's not, have you read Blop by the way as well?
Yeah you've had Blop.
There's some very good stuff on erm music in there, C D systems and stuff, and laser discs.
If you look in the back, in the index, look up C D systems, laser discs and stuff and records, there's stuff on records in there, oh.
Yeah I know almost as crude as you.
Yeah.
Oh er.
I do n't.
I know.
so that was the phone going twice now, it's disgusting.
oh, I've got ta get er what's it name, next week, next month, I ca n't remember what it's called, it's got Erica Hasslehoff, I mean Erica, tut.
in it.
anything of interest in it?
oh, oh, oh there we go, oh yes oh, oh, er, hee, hee, hee, hee,.
Really?
What is?
Have you got a synthesizer?
So what is your Technic thing then?
So basically.
does it do anything?
Does it do anything?
Mm you basically saving up for a complete system?
oh the odd and soddy pieces, like a hundred and fifty.
why?
So, you're gon na change the money from that into buying one ano a separate.
a Technic separate.
Yeah.
Mm.
no, no way.
No way.
No way, do n't want one.
Yes, I agree.
No, I like Sony, Sony are very good.
what are the.
What does that machine do?
And that's it?
So you pay five hundred quid for a sort of normal.
Oh.
can you?
Oh, that's twice I do n't know, do n't make so much difference but I'm only a, sort of uneducated slob, but there you go oh god, it's boring.
Yeah, we should go down to er the chippy.
get some chips, no I ca n't be sodded actu I do n't like going down there, you get loads of dickheads.
What's that when it's at home?
Really, oh god, no, oh slap my thigh.
Why?
Hmm.
well it was a book that was produced a little while ago you can buy that tape deck off me if you like.
That one.
Eighty quid.
That's a forty quid profit on how much I paid for it I think I bought that for forty five quid or forty seven.
it does the job, it's not a bad little thing, mm, mm.
Exactly you've got a.
why do n't you save up for the Sony compact jobs?
Down have you been down Parrots and Nash recently?
They've got a lot of money, a lot of savings on at the moment.
on a lot of systems, really now is the time for you to try and go and buy a new system, because you can knock them down immensely really good bargains the basic.
you basically can say look here you sods, give me some money off, because they're desperate for people to buy oh what time is it?
What time is it?
What time is it? oh.
what has happened to your watch?
We've got ta go in in twelve minutes time to watch L A Law.
just for the music, surely for the music, can we get this thing up to L A Law?
Yeah.
I mean can you plug this, the speaker.
What do we do.
T V, yeah.
Yeah.
Oh that's no problem.
Well we can do it downstairs from the main system or something.
No do it downstairs.
Use the main T V.
you've got wires across.
Yeah and then.
Yeah.
Do you wan na get, shall we go and have a look and see what we can do?
We'll take the Walkman this downstairs with the video tape recorder, come on let's go.
Let's go.
well we can.
a little try, dom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom Shandy speak into the Walkman, you say hello go on growl at it that's it you say hello, go on that's it, good boy.
What?
No, I never touched your postcards, am I supposed to of done?
Right, I'm just going to destroy this, now Andy what do we need to do?
Yes.
no cos we're doing my, taping my, we're doing it onto a tape, music from L A Law, so what do we need to do?
We're taping the music from L A Law onto a tape.
Because I want the music from L A Law.
we're not going to, we're.
Well, it'll start probably, yes, nine o'clock,.
start, does Red Dwarf start at nine o'clock?
Er, ah.
Positive alright Red Dwarf let's look at the T V guide, starts what, what do we need, need to do it?
You're the expert, Red Dwarf starts at nine o'clock yeah, so.
Of what type?
Er we should have some of those.
No because that's, we've got a video going in now at nine o'clock, er, a very long pair of wires erm so what do I need here?
Mm, oh sod it, I'll do it next week, next week's one.
Yeah, so I'll video it next week, I'll do it that way, oh there's.
I've got a terrific headache tomorrow, have I got a temperature?
I have actually.
ah, just a sec we will go away for the day if my.
pull up er a bean bag up with the record.
Right, talk in the microphone while I'll go to the loo.
Oh yeah, right oh if you get that on the tape I'll kill you.
You know damn well.
Oh it's a flush.
talk in that machine.
Oh, you've got to.
Yes you have.
anyone got a Polo if one's on offer.
Why not?
Aargh, it wo n't close.
Cos it wo n't so are you going to offer me a Polo?
Why not?
I only had one give me a Polo you.
Nine thirty, oh I feel ill.
L A Law's on in a minute.
only watching the, the title I love the title music.
On the shoe table, I love Polos.
I love Polos mm, I'll get you a box of forty eight when I'm next down at Macro's.
They're only one pound, ninety for forty eight packets, that the equivalent of ten, you only get fifteen packets for that price, or would you like me to get you a box of er Extra Strong Mints?
Would you like the extra strong?
The white ones, the big white ones.
cos they're only er two pounds or something or other for forty eight, Wrigley Spearmint Gum about one pound fifty oh, what's happened to his voice?
Been there, been there.
New York.
gross, New York is a gross city er well been to, oh dad uses one of those at work.
he loves his nose, he's stripped all the information, he's a stripper.
so erm, yeah so I'll get you a.
Hope so.
yeah.
Seven o'clock, seven thirty.
Ah juicy.
yeah basically.
see it's all confidential information, dad.
he is a very clever man what?
We're not gon na get any.
Because we'll have er people at the door.
Rugby Club, pay them both a tenner.
That's the way to do it actually, ring the Rugby Club.
it's not Mr Branson it's Mr Branson, oh shit, shoot.
he's very good.
do what?
Who did?
Why?
Did you get one?
Oh.
Well Richard Branson's very, very, very stupid.
Who?
He's, he, he offers fantastic prices.
Branson.
dad flies with him regularly.
Shh it does actually happen that's a seven four seven er he's a good guy, did you see my dad on T V?
Yeah he was on B B C Two.
A defence thing but er, yeah dad was on T V.
You should n't do this, this is unfair reporting why ca n't you realize to leave him alone mate.
Get out of my filofax, I put you did last time.
I do n't see why not.
Yeah.
yes tonight is bad.
I've invited Danny.
Yes of course.
So you do n't want to come then?
Close that one.
It's, er, ah Maiden thingy.
Maiden Voyager.
I've been on that plane, I have been on that plane.
what?
yeah.
you see the desert is a bit, the way, the planes in the desert in America, there's over three in the, sort of billion dollars ' worth of planes all brand new, that companies ca n't afford to buy any more and they're all mane in a sitting desert oh there we go, aha, aha, there we go.
Oh dad flies Virgin quite often, he likes Virgin.
What?
Ah ha ha bom bom bom bom bom bom bom bom bom bom bom.
eventually yes.
Yes.
bom bom bom bom bom face it, I hate flying.
Aargh.
learning to be ladies, ooh oh jolly good show I like the music to this ah, bom bom bom bom bom bom bom.
Yeah, right.
Yeah.
yeah alright.
Yeah I agree, ah look at that doggy that's three four, forty, forty oh it's turning oh there we go.
who me?
Why?
Me?
What do you mean?
the Hook, there again the Hook, that's where I'm moving to, Hook aargh, well that's nice, nice and comfy now.
oh yeah, right, thirty, thirty, forty.
right you ready?
L A Law music coming up, hey look at this, this is weird, oh look, look, look at this weird shh, this is it, shh, do not play oh dear.
Shh yeah she's guilty, she's a woman right here we go, shh, got ta get the sound up, urgh.
it's beautiful this is what I'm gon na do in ten years time.
it's brilliant.
You have to admit that is brilliant, Steve has done some fabulous series in his time, but of course, but he's, he's pretty damn good, there's no doubt about it so er, it's not bad at all, I like it.
yeah, we could.
for Daniel,.
No if I had a video camera do you think anyone would dare to do that?
do n't you dare.
Like, like who?
Who with?
Gorbachov, not him the other one.
him.
a gospel singer.
ooh, that was close, too close for comfort.
Oh good shot yes.
What you shut them for?
Cor, why?
Now think of something to do.
What would you like to do?
Ah, afraid there's no answer to that, er.
there's no answer to that is there?
Repeatedly, always quite remarkable oh well this is so boring atone, ah, you can take that down with drugs.
you boil the skin of cane toads and smoke it, it, it's the equivalent of cannabis.
No, from exactly yep what about the.
this is basically what I'm gon na be doing.
I'm gon na be a top London lawyer.
Earning a lot of money.
they are young.
Oh God.
go on get that one down, get the blue down.
she's a dirty little slag be easier.
recently.
I knew you would n't use it very much.
Oh, what's the matter?
Why?
do you wan na open the window and get some fresh air.
why they hurt?
What do you mean they're aching, are they aching or sharp pains or dull pains?
Are you gon na pass out or what?
Yeah, same here actually.
Go on see if you can get them.
You make the ball jump and I'll break your face.
Oh good shot.
oh try and get it between the.
Good shot.
No, let's watch the news, see if John Cole's on.
his glasses are awful are n't they?
Yeah, I think they're about four sizes too big actually.
Yes.
That's not bad good the Welsh get taxed the hardest, I hate the Welsh.
down with the Welsh, down with the Welsh, down.
oh coming were the.
What pack's that?
er, I've got Brian Cord, I ca n't stand him, I hate oh crap down.
very handy, yes I have to admit I do feel like my.
Is that?
Yeah I know yes.
Oh we did this in R E, do you remember?
Yeah.
We tried to do that in R E, do you remember?
and it was useless.
yeah.
it was so crap.
It was crap, oh.
the Conservatives are a better breed of men.
Well yeah, they're a better breed of men yeah, exactly.
oh yo ee, bonnie Scot, bastard.
Urgh.
How much longer is there on that tape?
Andy.
how much is left on that er tape?
In your opinion, oh look at that beautiful shot.
Why?
there is n't a pause button.
Oh.
Ministry of Defence.
Quite nice little machine that is n't it?
As they go, it's not bad at all.
So we ca n't have much left can we there?
No there's not much at all.
The party, well what about the party?
What would you like to talk about, about the party?
My God Christ.
blooming heck, British Airways and K L M.
No way.
Seven four seven hundred, seven four seven mm.
He is, dad knows him, he's a grumpy old fart he's very.
Now Andy, he gets a nice two hundred and fifty thousand a year, he does do a lot of work for it though.
Now that is a seven four, seven four hundred.
What a four hundred?
Lucky sod, and that is a.
Seven four seven.
that's a seven.
five seven and that is.
Yeah, there's a jumbo in the background, two jumbos oh lovely.
Shit lovely, he's a pain in the arm good do n't like him pain in the arse oh dear.
as ever.
Oh this'll go down well dad's going back to Russia, Russia did that.
Ah.
burn our land no they're not land is the pit, he wo n't be.
brought about stupid yeah, you jolly will as well, as Red Dwarf, see if you like it.
It's on.
Do you wan na watch it?
I'm not bothered.
So about the party right, what were we talking about?
Oh God.
seven o'clock Donna arrives, seven thirty she's drunk, eight o'clock she's up here, eight fifteen she's.
with me twice, eight seven.
eight forty five she cues you up.
or you.
er, quarter to eleven Stuart has a go yes, that sounds fun.
Yes.
Good idea.
No, it's not it wo n't be next Saturday, it'll be Saturday after next Saturday.
No.
Next one after that.
Yeah.
it's only two weeks Andy, but it goes quite quickly.
so.
I wish you'd stop that poor dog.
he's gon na get very objectionable.
Just turn up on their own, or get, come by car or something.
Yeah.
Bloody well wo n't.
I'm sure they'll succeed oh we've still got Friday tomorrow have n't we?
I'd like it earlier, but I'm not going to does it look a helicopter?
Oh it's blown off, ah yes, you beauty.
No.
aha yeah aha, beauty oh it's Casualty next, ah da, da, da, da, da da, da, da yeah, they have to call it.
is that what they started to call it?
yeah.
Hmm.
cor dear good evening.
yeah I'm glad to hear, oh John bloody Prescott, fat git oh sod that, yuck, puke, oh wobbles.
all wobbly oh dear.
not bad there is.
your, suddenly it must be nine thirty is the.
back on?
Back on?
Let's go and have a look at the, in case anybody over the road's after it.
What.
Until tomorrow night, why?
Right.
Oh that's a possibility.
yeah, try that, oh I've got a headache, I feel really sick actually I have to admit, oh dear.
Yeah.
Yeah it is, it's a terribly loud recorder, you never close your eyes any more.
when you kiss your lips, there's no tenderness in the way, with your finger tips.
Just wonder what the hell he's playing at.
What's he playing at?
Oh alright.
Your jolly hard.
to show it he's not.
No.
I do n't think so to be perfectly honest.
I do n't know he'll be.
Exactly.
Oh he only brings a little bit, I brought loads last time, even though you did n't get a song played.
Oh shoot, oh damn.
That's it, me go and break mum's crystal thing, no, er.
din, din, that was on tonight.
What time do you get back in tonight?
Oh God I've been waiting, I was told to ring about seven, cos you would n't be in till then.

Was she there tonight?
I did n't think she would be.
Keep away from you.
she does n't trust you, oh God, done it again.
Oh what from?
You've got a sore throat have n't you?
Oh I feel ill, oh dear oh dear, I'm beginning, I'm just beginning, hello who is that?
Who's that going out there?
Who's that then?
Who's that then maths?
Who is it?
Who is it?
Who is it?
Who is it?
And who is it?
Something, done a robbery at nine thirty two precisely, a lady did er actually walk out of next door's house.
your honour, carrying one large bag, looking very guilty and shady.
Ha, ha, ha, so.
A swag bag, swag bag er, er, er, er, er, er.
Yeah.
Yeah he will.
What, you wan na turn up looking smart.
than looking cas.
Nothing.
Smart and cas, cos you've got a small body for, have n't you?
You're only a two foot imp, cos er unlike me as a man being six foot.
and looking like a man.
and being like a man.
so erm.
you've commented on that every sodding time you've.
You have.
Low?
You think it's actually breaking?
No.
I know.
You are are n't you?
You are, we've noticed that and we're getting worried.
It is, yeah I have to admit we're a bit worried about you Andy.
you open yourself to comments from now, you've got yourself a name, er.
from.
's sodding fault.
he reckons he held it around, he's a real pain in the arse at times.
Yeah.
Yeah, he does.
Exactly, I do n't, I do n't know whether I'll invite.
No I do n't think I will because he will sit there sort of, might, when he rang up once, right, my mum said I think there's a poofter on the phone.
God knows.
Oh, please, can we erase that joke?

You prat.
Please ignore that joke it was a very rude joke.
Oh God Andy, you moron.
prat.
I'll have to go and wipe that now.
I'll have to go and wipe it exactly, you prat, you are a chief moron, how do you do that?
to make it.
Nothing if I had my way.
A negligee.
that's quite good.
oh when you going?
I need my shower, tut, and my hair's gon na.
stick.
When I wake up tomorrow morning my hair will be in a mess, I'll have to wash it again, in the morning.
Because, I suppose I could do that, no.
Exactly.
Yes.
yeah, imagine what, hey do you, do you reckon I should ask her if she wants to stay at Steven.
Oh no.
Well anyway Sarah and that lot can sleep downstairs, we'll all come down during the night.
Never had anything else love it.
Could walk to the door frame, well done oh God, it will be a good laugh, it will be.
Oh maybe I'll pick you up at ten o'clock.
they might be picking you up, at ten o'clock.
Yeah come where the jocks are strapping, come where the feet are clapping me come where the hands are clapping, come where the feet are strapping, come where.
the jocks are strapping oh yeah I think I'll ask.
Yeah, I hope so, I get permission from dad.
Oh yeah you're absolutely booked up, I have to, I'm sorry I forgot you have such a taxing social life with Stuart yeah definitely, er people listening to this could get the wrong idea I think but this is, this is normal conversation.
It is normal totally normal.
Yeah, oh thank you.
This, this is totally normal conversation, I've never got this done if Wendy had turned up, I'm glad, cos we've now got, a tape and a bit done tonight.
which is brilliant din, din, din, we should give it to Phil for his dad.
Seminar.
Service.
Yeah.
Get to the beat, yeah.
Aha, here comes a car, there goes a car, vroom, Renault da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da have you said to your dad get Sky yet?
Yeah.
So.
True get loads of new programmes.
Rolf Harris.
Worth the extra.
worth the extra sort of four hundred pounds is n't it?
Out the.
Oh you, I'm tired.
Oh yes, because he got chucked off er B B C T V, some morning he used to do it with Selina Scott.
oh yes.
Where is your phones?
I suppose it's getting more than one tape done now.
Do they argue?
Sneeze and snore probably.
I do a lot of sleeptalking actually.
Yeah, I sleeptalk a lot a lot, a lot.
I just talk to myself and I talk out, in aloud and what every.
Yeah that's right.
Ha ha ha, you are a socialist scum.
You scum of the earth de, de, de, de, de, de, de, de you should only have that attitude if you come from a deprived childhood.
and you, if you have parents who.
Yeah I can guess, Stuart.
oh God Andy.
I think there's a name for you.
I think there's a name for you.
Freddy Mercury.
Yes, right, you, you sound like erm Michael Jackson you even smell like Michael Jackson.
Melt yeah.
He sort of catches fire, yeah, self combustion, I think you must of said ten o'clock did you say ten o'clock?
Love and kisses.

Yeah.
I'd be chatting to.
Helen and Jenny all night.
No.
To think they have to be talking to me because I'm the host of the party, so I've got to go around and talk to everybody.
Yeah.
and I basically go round the bottles filling up.
Yeah and I get, I get.
that's right, yep, oh I think that'll be very good for, aha.
No, that's not you.
who?
They're not actually.
Scotland Upon Thyme.
No, they are, how you doing with your geography coursework?
Oh, I've done.
The second question?
Christ you're taking your time.
I've done the first.
Oh mine are graphic enhanced as well.
Oh it's good if you can do the three D, it looks.
No, it's nice cos it's a lot for presentation as well.
Yeah.
Exactly, that's what I'm doing, I'm doing it that way, I'm doing the basics, which will get the marks and I'm doing, going back and adding extra little sods when I've finished it oh God.
No neither do I, just trying to wear holes in the carpet or something are we?
Oh right, two weekends ' time, so I'll talk.
so I'll be sitting talking to Donna, cos Donna, Helen and Jenny be sitting in one group with Sarah, they'll be chatting away and I'll be sitting in the middle, sitting on.
Sitting on, on.
Oh drat yeah.
no.
Exactly, yeah you've got it right.
yeah that'll probably, that's, that will happen, I would n't be surprised.
Yeah we're gon na have about twenty five people there I think, twenty five's enough what we gon na do about sitting down what.
cos there's not enough seats.
Move the dining room table out and stuff.
Yeah, too damn right.
Er Sarah.
Yeah.
not half, I think everybody likes Sarah actually she's predicted all As do you know that?
Sarah.
She's very intelligent, very good.
I think it must be all Sarahs or what else or something, all Sarahs are registered as very intelligent.
because she's got all predicted As.
Because I saw her predicted grade card.
Yeah, predicted grade card I'm talking about oh where is, did you say ten o'clock?
Well.
Photography?
Was.
Oh do n't, oh shut up, I mean.
why, what she gone to er photography lessons or something?
Ah.
What camera she using?
Is it hers or?
Oh, do you go and buy it or something or what?
Oh very nice.
Very nice.
Very nice, yeah we've got that on dad's, aha there's a car is your dad home tonight?
Ah, oh, oh there's a change, you're lucky, he used to be home talking to Sue oh excuse me you wan na break free.
Oh shut up, do n't, please.
I need to go I've got ta see her.
Very funny Andy, very funny, yeah.
yeah I, not so, yeah well I suppose so, it'll be nice though, it should be a good laugh being how people in the back garden talking and the lights in the back garden.
Probably March.
get them my key up.
getting my key up with heaters, getting my key up with heaters.
we can have it at your place if your parents go.
Squeeze them in sure we'll find somewhere for them to go, vacate, so long as I get a kiss from everybody apart from the boys and.
kiss from all the other.
oh, er, I'm ecstatic really.
No that'll be.
no it's better than alcoholic innit?
Oh right.
but, well I'll have to have a word with Donna tomorrow and see what she thinks, hard luck.
Yeah I might do eventually, I'm not going to bother to do it tonight, I'll pop off early.
Well go on then you get the stand.
you take the stand tomorrow, tonight.
good idea.
Do n't bring any comics, I'll show Donna that one piece of.
do n't put the comics, put the surname as well go and get it from my room, take the information out of the little envelope you must of said ten o'clock to your parents, cos there ai n't no sign of them, is there?
Have you got it?
Did you take the information out of it?
There.
oh Christ, dazzle me sometimes I forget.
It is innit, turn it off again.
You've got it all.
There you go.
What?
Katie, yes.
You know all the people there.
Donna very attractive.
Yes.
Yeah, oh,.
Yes.
Mm.
Urgh that's a comment and a half.
Yes.
There comes so motor bikers.
Dan.
erm.
Danny.
Oh.
Danny stop us now, Danny.
Yes yes I was thinking about your fritters this morning.
Yeah, oh hold on.
What?
Yeah they get on alright with her.
I do n't.
Put that down, I see, I show dad the list and see what he thinks.
Yeah, exactly, it's just number-wise he's worrying about.
Twenty, twenty five is n't er.
She's not, Kate is.
Yeah I did, oh I'll put Kerry on later.
because Donna is high in admir admiration in fact I.
I admire.
infatuation.
Something tasteful, because she's gon na be reading that tomorrow.
So will Helen and so will Jenny I do snazzy formal.
Mo, one who's been invited to one's.
No we will.
Yeah we'll take them off just, take them off now dearie, you wo n't get them ripped them, yeah too damn right, you must of said ten o'clock, Geoff.
Yeah saint Phillip, yeah, put him there.
No you take it home.
No, never.
Yeah write them down.
Yeah.
Ho ho ho, ah God can you imagine that, Christ, aha here comes a car, there goes a car we are now in a country lane, looking out on the odd passing car bom, bom, bom, bom, bom I do n't know about Jessica and Rebecca actually.
Right then, cross them out.
Taken two out we're always gon na get people who are additionally at school tomorrow who you'll remember suddenly.
Oh you'll fi we'll think of somebody.
Oh get stuffed, no way, no, no way.
No, get lost.
Yes, he would do.
unless his.
unless he's now following you everywhere.
You think it's a bit worrying?
And he's following you.
I would n't be seen dead with him.
yeah go on call it a.
Oh yeah, wacko.
So.
Er you want to annoy Donna just go like that to her.
Cos she does it and whenever she talks in drama she goes like that and so I go up and goes cooee, hello Donna, who, who.
Yeah, that's right.
she stands there going who, who, exactly, got it in one, we've nearly done a second tape tonight now, did you know that?
Nearly a second tape.
Probably.
Yeah play it in German on a, on a loud speaker.
Yeah so everybody hears,.
Cricket.
I'll check with dad before I start telling everybody to make sure it can go ahead.
Right you got that?
Yeah Donna does, but nobody else does, so do n't go yelling it tomorrow at school, keep quiet.
Yes, he's a mate anyway, so, he'll behave himself in front of all the girls anyway.
Yeah, but everybody else will be happy then, by then, hopefully.
If he goes after Helen he'll be out.
he is on the streets if he makes a pass on Helen.
I could, can you imagine Phillip making a pass at someone, ah embarrassing.
Yeah so he'll say.
No I do n't take sweets from strangers, oh God.
a vicar.
he'll come and give everybody prayer books.
and a sort of a sing-song.
That's right, he'll go on the Gideons club, we ought to have a bible meeting.
all sixteen of us.
Yeah.
the school goes, they go hey, peace man, they all go and they.
Yeah.
they say right.
What?
Yeah.
Oh God, oh yes, it would be a bit of a disaster.
but it would be a good, aha here comes a car, ah.
I think this is your mum if it's trundling along at max nought point nought, aha it could be, it could be, it is, it will be, it is.
No.
No it's not, oh.
Oh that's no good well that's no damn good.
Obviously not, quite remarkable.
Of course I'm on there.
my sodding party.
Yeah it'll be nice because I'll be centre of attention cos everybody'll be wanting to talk to me.
Cos I'll be, it's my party, so you have to be nice to me, cos it's my party basically, cos I consider it.
No, do n't.
No.
I do n't think it'll work.
Yeah and then Helen and Jenny will be shy as hell, aha.
There we go.
