
Some what?
Did ya?
Oh alright.
how much.
this is like confession you know save you going to church on a Sunday.
Is that where you got to now?
What is it?
mm.
Yeah.
Yeah I expect to drive him.
got to go back and sort out any more problems we've got, that's where I'm going now erm.
get a complete list of complaints of them.
Well I got.
Rhys says I've got to do it proper and then into Chelmsford do, do.
He was, got smacked and told him.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You're stuck.
Yes.
I do n't think to ask, cos you hear from the way they were talking they were buying it.
they've got themselves stuck on the nine o'clock appointment.
Ropers, they do n't know, well they know I'm coming in some time today, but they do n't know when.
so it's.
Yeah.
well I.
you know what I've been trying to get hold of a couple of one of these you know the phones, the phones that Donald's got.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Do n't you?
Certainly faster than the.
I've got.
Fifty six hundred?
Yeah.
No.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, the.
Oh that thing.
You know there's quite a few about, I've seen them, you know.
must of taken about ten years to make.
Yeah well, I put the paperwork in there and I.
Yes your neighbours could do with a lesson in parking.
Well I think it's Gary I mean he's left a gap there's room for just about a car either side of him.
Yeah well that's a point yeah there's something.
I did n't thought of that.
Well, well see how it goes, but erm I do n't, the thing is you see they can teach you so much about laying different bonds and making patterns and doing portholes and things like that, that'll be handy to know, but obviously you're not gon na learn that until much later on.
Yeah they'll probably teach you that, yeah more than likely, yeah, you'd of touch the chimney flue, part of it, but the trouble is the qualifications have fall beyond of what I want to do anyway and considering it's gon na cost a couple of grand to get it.
it's not worth it because I'm not gon na sort of get myself into a position where I'm only likely, where in other words get a job as a bricklayer.
so it's really not worth getting qualifications on reflection so I want to do a bit of work you see, build myself a reputation that sort of thing.
and then do the odd wall, that's fine.
yeah, I'm tempted to go around now looking at brickwork now.
getting ideas.
and probably incorporate one or two, ca n't do that on the garage though cos it wo n't, it's gon na be out of character.
the, Russ ' erm, done, well he's already got a wall, just make it a bit bigger, an existing wall just taking it around the back so gon na do that in the summer I'll erm, well in the spring, yeah gives er a bit, a bit of a practice.
Yeah, he's quicker than I am, but he do n't seem to be as accurate.
you know, by the time I've got about three bricks down, he's two.
he's not as accurate as I am, no, but what I do I, I point mine up as well.
cos that way it gives me a bit more incentive, it gives me an idea of how it's looking.
whereas Russ just throws it together and do n't bother pointing it, and to me that is incentive, I mean you do n't do it when you build it I know you do n't, when you're earning, it's a bit of er, a mark, a guide to how you do it.
And er, certainly take advantage of the half price.
thing, for twenty four quid for a hundred and eight weeks, you've got, you've got to take that, think it's coming on and learning, got the thing in there, start to progress it might get you, it's gon na get to the point where he says right, you know you've got them just about to sort of labour it's, you know, accurately with a fair amount of speed now we'll start sort of now being a bit adventurous, gon na get a lot more interesting.
You sees like cutting, you know you see these walls that are like that and they sort of go down like that and join a pillar and do the same again, just, instead of doing that you lay the soldiers across the top and you, you've got to sort of cut the bricks in between ai n't ya?
Cutting bricks is another fault of Russ, it's all commonsense actually if you think about it, I mean actually we've drove round at night looking at people's walls and things like that and some were absolutely appalling, they've obviously paid money to have that done, so you, you, you can see it do n't have to be absolutely perfect.
although I'm, that'll only do for me.
yeah, he's had his drive took across his back you know that there.
mm.
Mm.
yeah, there's one good there but, erm what they do, is they do it in concrete you know, but they can make it look like bricks.
they colour the concrete.
and they, they put the concrete down, then they get this thing to put on it and it, it sort of moulds it.
it just textures it like.
looks like bricks, another one they can make it look like welsh slate and things like that.
Yeah yeah it's quite er What are those.
audio monitors?
Monitor audi.
Oh yeah.
did ya?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
As it should be.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He was on about something about.
Yeah.
Yeah I've heard that.
Yeah.
I think one rule that you have to follow and as long as you follow that particular rule then they can handle infinite amount of power, do n't make sense to me.
cos there are some.
direct drive are n't they, you know a lot of them passed a couple do n't they there's a.
an output stage.
and a really big.
I think it goes through that way, but, I think these are direct drive, but it's actually a straight piece in.
you know.
Yeah, straight into the back of the speaker so you can actually make the speaker do what you want like.
to within reason like.
You might, yeah, the trouble is it's got ta match down to be exact or.
Yeah, his amp's got, yeah his amp was built for this particular type of er, I ca n't remember what bloody amp he's got now there were no, no particularly flash like, you know, er, er, they were saying something to do with clipping, I think it's to do with clipping they saying the power up, the power point's alright as long as you do n't clip, because what happens is if the wave forms doing that.
you gain er an R M S.
with power.
but if you, if you actually clipping.
the speaker's actually being pushed by the amp and staying out.
you're practically burning the coil out so it's just a dri, a straight forward plattening.
it ca n't handle any more so you got a, a.
playing into the coil and it's not doing anything so it's just, just.
in you know.
I think that's the point what he's making and that's what actually you know does the lamp damage that mm.
Yeah they are.
that's what bothers me about it you ai n't.
Well the thing is to buy summat.
like it you know, you, you can spend a lot of bloody money just to try and improve.
them, you know.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Ca n't say that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It does, it's hundred watts, yeah it says you can use anything between four and eight Os.
but if you want them both, if you want both A and B on you've got to have a.
but er it's measure hundred, hundred watts R M S into eight Os.
No he wo n't.
What do you think to the board game on the back?
Miracle Squares I think there's a lot of thought gone into it you know, it ca n't be easy to re er to, to just dream up a game erm, I like the one about you go to the last supper and the waiter spills soup on your trousers, the waiter, ha tell you else about the Marx brothers an'all, the waiter is er the king of Snowdonia and it's Groucho Marx, the, they've got this massive hall, and er these big steps leading down into it you know and as, as they're coming in there's somebody at the top and Ann says who's, who's walking in and they walk down the stairs you know and Mr and Mrs and the king has you know and he says oh the king Snowdonia is about to arrive, he should be here any minute now, he should be here dead on this time you know, he gets these big fanfare trumpets up da, da, da, da, the king of Snowdonia, and there's nothing and all of a sudden it flashes to Groucho Marx and then he's in bed with.
and, and they do it about four or five times, you know, the king of Snowdonia, welcome to see and all the bugles going you know all of a sudden he appears in the middle of the picture he says oh I've come through the back door.
Yeah do n't know how many films they made do you?
Did they?
They usually have them at erm Christmas time do n't they, usually have a couple of Marx Brothers ' films on.
Say you can buy them films if you want.
Yeah.
A couple of hours.
Mm Dave Allen's on that as well the only bit, I think I've set it for the Beast Master ai n't I?
Yeah well when right at the beginning of the tape is Dave Allen, but that's adult.
so, do n't let the kids watch that.
Do you like him?
Mm.
Mm.
Oh dear.
Still got the timesheets to do yet.
Have ya?
what actually paper or the.
Oh.
Mm, I've only got one charge me this week, you do n't seem to get many now.
I just have one connect, connect to.
programme, programme one, ha only.
get all these programmes for some reason, somebody allowed for it when they put the system in, mind you still have to check it I suppose but checked through it, tested it, took me about five minutes, still a minimum charge of an hour.
Mm.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
the same, yeah, cos if, did n't the Co-Op move or something?
And they fell flat on their face did n't they?
Yeah.
Well we went to a solicitor's office, what was it Friday morning?
Thursday morning?
Friday morning?
And erm they'd moved the kit, got the electricians to do it and it took, it took three fuses when they did it, I mean the extensions fused on that particular system, the data pairs fused.
and er they had to call us in, well Dick went out and er I think it was actually two separate visits so they must of, cos they're refurbishing the place you see so they must of moved into one office and thought oh you know this do n't work, move into another office the day after, well this do n't work either and he, he actually did two separate visits, whether they'll actually bill them for it I do n't know, but I mean it's a minimum of an hour in both cases so.
you know two calls, two hours.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh them sitting on the desk?
Mm.
Mm.
Yeah.
in the same building?
Mm.
Yeah.
yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
mm.
mm.
So you, it, he got you to move it in the end?
I went to some er, what was it, estate agents erm Alan Orwood on King Street, I says to them er, what was it, want an extra extension put in who do you go to?
I says well where did you get the system from?
Communications, I said well you can either go to them or you can got to, we'll do it for ya, so it's really up to you, he says well who's the cheapest?
I says well I do n't know to be honest, I says I do n't deal with them, but we were talking about Mercury these cross-routing got one of these systems here.
and then I said have you got, are these cross-routing it?
He says no, he says we've thought about it, I says well you really ought to have it I says if you're dial dialling a lot of erm, cos they dial a lot of these insurance companies and er mortgage lenders, the head offices, they're always out in Ottingham, I said the Mercury pin number only cost you seven pound fifty a year, I says you think you can save that in a week so er ha so erm he was on about it, he says who's the cheapest for that?
I says well we, we put erm a mailshot out for four hundred and ninety nine pound, cos the software and all the re-programming involved, I says Ford Communications followed it up, you know, they put a mailshot out for two hundred and ninety nine pound all in, oh he says I think I'd rather prefer G P T to them.
which is erm now I'm dealing all the same company, maintenance and everything.
so er we've got to hang on to it.
Yeah, it's only a small estate agent.
Yeah.
that's it, yeah, yeah.
mm yeah I.
No we subcontract it.
we've got two subcontractors that we get in touch with, they just do it and then bill owes and then we uplift it.
Mm.
Yeah that's right yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Mm.
Well we do that, we do that, we, we know.
exactly what we've got, erm.
how many clients we've got, you know for updating, what the capacities are and plus er we do n't know erm what sort of cable we've got in so they might have only a ten P a cable when they already have nine pairs in use.
and they want two extra extensions you see in a certain area, we obviously do n't know that.
only the contractors do and even they only know when they go on site so, but we, we sort of say you do this, you do that and then we contract to who can do it, there's some of them by er.
usually.
I think for er even for upgrades we er the contracts do it sometimes which to me's wrong cos they are n't engineers.
But what er what what needles me a bit, but you ca n't blame them cos I, if I was er a small communications firm I'd do the same myself, but, you see we wo n't sell now small systems through a sell.
we do it through a dealership, like if you want a Cortin if you want a Sierra you've got to go to Cowlers or something you ca n't go to Ford.
for it, they wo n't sell it ya, it's the same as us, we wo n't sell direct.
so these businesses they buy from you know erm communications company, a local company or Nottingham Telephones or something like that.
and, erm what they tend to do once it's gone in they'll say if there's anything you need, if you get any problems on the system or there's anything you want he says get in touch with us, he says and if necessary we'll get in touch with.
and we'll sort it out ourselves and what they do, if a customer says oh there's a phone that's broke, or it's not working or something like that, they'll say oh okay we'll get in touch with the maintenance for you, you see, cos he's making nowt out of it, if you say we dropped the phone and broke it, well we'll send a and then they send an engin one of their blokes out with a replacement phone and charge him for a new one, once they say wants some re-programming doing, oh yeah were sending an engineer round and they get, the dealer then gets the money for it so all we get is the flack end of it you know so we, a service contract it's priced because, low because you know you're gon na make a bit on moves and changes.
and that sort of thing, you know re-programming and upgrade, but we do n't get that now because the er, the dealers are filtering all that sort of work off.
which it ca n't be right cos, I suppose in a way it's none of our business but it is I mean if it gets to it, it puts our company in financial difficulties it means it's jobs on the line int it that sort of thing.
that's why we've got to start cutting back there's no money for wage rises and that sort of thing so.
what they are doing you see, an authorized dealer, well even a non-authorized dealer get hold of a piece of kit and then somebody say want this system, right okay, and they just have a big load of forms for maintenance agreements and all they do the dealer'll go along and put this kit in, B T'll come along and say yeah that conforms to regulations, sign here, the customer er sign here, the dealer send the maintenance agreement to us, we signed it, send it back, we've never even seen it, then we turn up and find that the main control unit's high up in the attic or in a damp cellar, in a cupboard where you ca n't see it, there's no light and stuff like that and we're taking jobs on like that and it you know, it's just impossible to work on them.
you see, but B T are not interested in that, all they're interested in is that the wiring's, you know that the boards are.
the series that they should be, but we do pre-maintenance inspections now.
and, cos I said to the dealers for a long time you know do n't put them under stairs, do n't put them in store rooms, they get locked, locked up with vacuum cleaners and you ca n't get to the gear when you go to them, do n't put them high up on the wall we ca n't reach them and they just laugh, but er, I think the last laugh's on us now cos er if I see one high up on the wall, I say well that, I say we're not accepting that, you have to move it.
what you doing you daft cat?
Eh?
I know, woke up this morning she was, she was obviously cold, cat was right under the covers, snuggled right up to me and got her, her chin on me arm like that, I was asleep Justifying Nation, did you like that?
Good innit?
What's that?
Roger's got Transmission Vamp erm Velveting.
that's good.
C D.
Oh.
What Wendy James was she?
Yeah.

Yeah, very short int she though Wendy James.
Oh yeah, she's only about four foot ten.
Mm right midget.
Yeah.
Yeah.
She's no thicko is she?
I like them, I like erm Transmission Vamp.
Crashers one of my favourites too your the only one as well.
Rich er Russ played that yesterday, I played it through that on his C D, put it through his Leek speakers, brilliant.
I used to like a lot of that stuff you know the New Wave the erm.
The Stranglers er something.
No.
Did you read that proper that bit?
what.
Yeah critics did you see that?
The critics?
where they did n't like the Christmas, not the modern parents where they, they would n't let them have a Christmas tree, the erm the critics is was erm oh what was that about?
We saw it on telly and the er what was it Crispen or er Crispen something typical vegetarian names and she was criticizing the television Top Of The Pops and how they could do better you know and they got an art.
it'd cost you about a hundred thousand quid and by the time they've done it, it's exactly the same as what the other one was.
They're not tending to play Bohemian Rhapsody on the er radio so much are they as er.
The Days Of Our Lives, they tend to play that a bit more.
I've never heard that you know until, until it was, this round, since it last come out must be out of touch in me old age.
Yeah if you do n't, if you do n't like it you probably just put it to the back of your mind then.
dismiss it something.
Yeah, yeah, what's the other one?
It uncle Vern, big Vern something?
yeah, he's all, all erm he's on the front cover ai n't he, I'm not spending my Christmas in joking.
he's, he's thinking the law's after him all the time.
Yeah.
eh?
Which one's that?
No the.
cos Brassnick was the one with the square head and the cap were n't he?
I think cos we used to have them on a trolley, yeah mm, I wonder if that.
is the same that I, I think next time I get a Whizz I'll erm, I'll look cos there's a Zit comic as well.
I'll have a look and see if it's the same publishers, cos it looks the same kind of format, but then again it probably would be cos it's aimed at the same market.
so they're probably trying to muscle into the er that niche you see, but er brown bottle you find the critics?
Ai n't ya?
Take it until you've read it.
Keep the cheapskates parade they've got inflatable sheep and all sorts for set up here oh it's still number one then.
What you looking at there?
On the tree house yeah, yeah, what's that one called?
That's it, yeah what was the one er, the out of date Christmas puddings, did you read that one as well?
It's about four pages long that one.
where at the end, you do n't, you know, you expect it's haunted to be a real you know, she says oh no screw that we've got the market by the bollocks.
the vicar Adolf Hitler.
they've been playing loads of, out of date Christmas puddings.
I do n't know but the artwork's very good ai n't it?
You know the ideas there I think.
Ha.

A modern parent sitting there with a polo neck jumper on.
loads of big teeth.
Play all the record after er Queen are n't they?
What's that?
This is funny number one, probably Queen's not number one any more then.
put the radio on and find out.
Something about Kwiksave not being in these supermarkets.
Well, bloody hell only nineteen pence cheaper out of a bo basketful.
Only nineteen pence cheaper out of a basketful, everybody else is only pennies over.
It's still cheaper.
Is what?
Oh, it says here the basic necessities the things you buy have er have actually gone up, or they've hardly moved at all.
that amp's good.
Mm yeah I like that So when they picking his car up then?
Yeah?
So which one's having it?
Mm.
Mm mm, you've done well then to get that one.
I'm bloody sure I would n't of paid it no way, er, thing is though you see when you first look at it, it do n't look a bad car, but when you start studying it closely you start to see just exactly what problems it's got with it did you point out the faults on it then?
did he tell him about the hole in the wing then?
And the head gasket that had gone?
You do n't get all that water from nowhere who choose the oil?
The bloke at the garage?
I know Terry changed it, yeah.
well it ai n't run far enough has it?
Really I reckon there's something wrong, convinced of it, oh it runs alright once it's moving it's just such an awkward driver that's all I was glad to get out of the thing I was did knock the bloody er whatsit down, buses knock the er.
gate way down to the embankment, were jogging down there tonight, I'll have a look at it mm on about it.
Flogged it.
yeah.
Yeah.
Ai n't you rang him?
you'll took that three grand.
You ought to have took that three grand.
I thought you said the three grand as it stood without the M O T and anything.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh.
Yeah and then say I do n't want it.
What you ought to do was to said to him give me a deposit.
give me a deposit on it, I get it M O T'd if you change your bloody mind too bad.
you can pay for the M O T.
So what's happened now then has he changed his mind then?
Has he told you he do n't want it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
that's how you get Porsches innit?
no ta.
Apparently said.
Mm.
No.
Yeah.
We see if anything happens really.
Cool down.
Yeah.
they do waste your bloody time they're.
I tell you what that's the worse thing about cars, getting rid of them.
Mm.
Yeah.
that's right.
he wanted four tyres?
Borderline.
Oh.
Oh that's right.
It is, yeah.
How much?
Yeah probably so yeah, and at this time of year they're fetching so ridiculous in low money anyway, probably better off in the summer when the lads want to go out, out and about, well they're not bothered now nobody wants to go anywhere do they?
So erm.
Well wait until he's gon na come one weekend and you go down there and then come back together, oh why then again you're wasting your bloody, ha.
Is he?
Oh dear.
why?
Why not sell it?
oh.
he did n't lend me three thousand quid, he cut it off the will.
well you know if I, I said is it gon na cause any problems when he did it, cos it was er, it was er, to me.
No.
No, but it was a loan to me and I said to my dad he was loaning it me and I said to him erm I pay you back and then when I went to pick the cheque up er he says er well me mum says he giving you that you know he says what we're gon na do is when, when they write the will out you'll get that much less than the others, I says well as long as it ai n't gon na cause any problems.
and he says no I, I reckon I had a word with our Margaret she said no it do n't matter, but if that's gon na be the case I'd rather give it to him back, I mean I've got it.
well I do n't believe that, well.
I'll give it to him back then.
I've got the money in the bank, I might as well.
give it to him.
Funny, a bit like that.
Well she always used to say, why you do n't say anything, but she always used to say to, she'd never come down to the house, I mean I do n't think she's been to my house, house five times.
it does my house, in fact it come the other day when Kerry had to pick a battery up and I walked out the front with Kerry and he sat in the car and did n't even look at me.
yet when you go round to the house he's sociable enough.
I do n't think she's been five times to my house in all the time I've lived there, now in the early days er she said that when it, hang on, she said she'd never come down cos she did n't like er.
I thought well that's fair comment cos there's people's houses I'd stay away from cos I do n't like the wives, so I mean, you know, that's, I do n't go round, but the thing is she's been gone about what three year now, four year or something or however long it is why do n't she come now?
oh it do n't bloody matter to me.
she can stay away she can come, come round.
she can take her choice.
What?
What to mum and dad or to you?
But she had n't?
Liar.
Yeah.
You know roughly.
I'm, I'm, I'm.
myself so much, that erm nothing bothers me, everything just rides straight across me back.
mm.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
Right.
Yeah oh do n't, I reckon it was June who got.
up there.
Yeah, I've never been the same since I was there you know.
No, no it's hard.
I erm I always vowed I'd never let erm, never let anything get to me like that again.
you know, cos I was in desperation then, but, nobody, I mean I just, I just do n't bother, I do n't let things bother me it's as simple as that.
no that's right, yeah, I mean, I, I've said it, I do n't care, but er I've said in the past that er, I think some of the reason me and Ann split up was, I mean she always used to say I never treated her right and all things like that, I did you know, and I do care for her, but a lot of the things was I never showed it because erm if anything bothered me I never know it showed and it did n't bloody bother me because I'd resolved myself after Julie that I'd never let anything bother me again.
Oh I know they're not.
No, well I've meet quite a few since and they're alright, they come and they go, but, I do n't know.
yeah.
if that, if anybody would see that it'd be somebody in neutral position, like me, and as far as I'm concerned treat them all the same.
and they treat us all the same an'all.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah I'm the same.
Yeah well that's it.
Con financial comfort.
Yeah.
Material side.
Yeah.
Why is she.
what's better about her house than yours?
Well that's only cos, why is it?
Yeah, but so is this.
ah, but the only bloody reason it's secondhand is cos it's the, that's the style you want.
that's why.
it's the style you want.
you ca n't get new stuff, you ca n't go out and get something new like that, to that quality.
Mm.
I well I'm on about doing some stuff I am cos I ca n't get, ca n't find what I want, build my own yeah.
Yeah.
You're joking.
Is it got service.
You took it to them?
Well we charge fifty pound an hour you know.
I do n't know er.
Well that's right, yes.
Yeah, it.
So what was wrong with it then?
It's only the belt usually.
Wind it up have they?
Such delicate things.
you ca n't bloody see what's happening can you?
Ca n't grumble.
Oh yeah these maintenance contracts are the lowest, I mean I took one out on my mum's C D player because they'd, they'd had trouble with it, er multi play, turns out it was the stack one they had trouble with not that one, but it was only thirty quid for four years I mean.
Yeah, well I bought, I got the C D cheap enough, you know when I bought them that mini unit, that went just after a year, that bloody thing when it packed up, do you remember it was playing in night, in the middle of the night and my dad got up and said what pratt's playing music, it's his own ha.
Well I do it probably was actually but it was the switch that had gone, maybe lightning had hopped across the switch, yeah, but erm, that's all it was it was the switch, but er, I mean the thing is it went wrong and they had to pay for it, okay it's only a tenner to have it done, but it, if a C D player, I mean if the carriage goes, you know, sixty, seventy quid, you know I'm buying these electrical things, it's, because it's a burg lock, I can buy them, get them a warranty with it an'all, then it's took the burden off them.
Yeah.
appreciates a good sound and puts that bloody crap on, ha.
Oh I do n't know that stuff with, er I dunno, Acker Bilke or.
When I first got it in the I was a bit, well it do n't sound too hard, bit down hard, but then again they were in a rush, I said there's your present and I gave it to them, and they unwrapped it and me mum says oh come on we'll be late for the club, cos they were getting free drinks at the pub, oh she, she did n't even want to look at it, I said oh, and she looked at it.
and er me dad says ooh it's a video recorder and he, I says no it is n't, he says it is, it's a video recorder, I says it is n't dad, I said Christ I bloody bought it.
I says have another look, he says what is it?
I said it's a compact disc player, mum says oh that's nice, she says what do they do?
And I said, I said pour us a tea, oh she says we'll be late for the pub, I thought oh sodding hell.
so I says alright put it down.
Mm.
Mm.
I know I bought.
and it what not since she's been owed.
Oh aye.
It's not cos she's it, cos she's like that you know I bought her summat, when ours were not, not very old, I did n't know what to get her and I bought her an ornament, she says oh I wish people'd stop buying me ornaments I've got too many, has to dust round them I thought you'll get sod all next year.
you'll get bugger all.
She moans about it I know.
No, she bloody ought to after the first couple of dozen times, but anyway, when they come back and we got back at night and we started playing them and putting things on er you know they got to like it.
That's right.
I wish I could get another one, it, I ca n't get one of them.
same, the same as that, cos the idea was get two the same and I've got one contract, ha.
I've thought guaran two machines you're guaranteed for four years then, cos they did n't write the serial number down, so if I got two machines and it goes faulty I just send it back and say this machine's faulty, they do n't know how many I've got.
Morning.
Alright, have you got it?
how long?
Yeah, we've been to.
oh you've found it.
Line three, yeah no, not on this one.
yeah.
Aha.
yeah.
I think.
What about C P U?
Well you know what you can do.
They're gon na ask if you've changed it.
Yeah.
but I mean.
I, should n't I, that decoder's got to er.
Yeah, you'll, you'll hear that actually come in, if you disconnect one of those legs, if you disconnect that blue wire on there and then cease the intercom and put it back down again you know the relay clicking you'll hear it come in and go back out again, there you go.
Oh yeah yeah yeah I say reset the system, do a system reset and then see how it goes, it's all, it, it er it's the main problem them, and there's no cure for it.
We've spent months of shelving and then in the end he just says oh sod it, just took it out for an eight one six then.
What's that take the bell off?
Mm.
Oh acoustics.
It would also ring if you pull a page out.
What was it an amplifier with a speak on it?
What does it do sense a sound and then ring.
ring a bell or does it actually pour out of a speaker what comes out of a speaker?
Does it?
So if I call a paging call out and a paging call comes out it's gon na ring the bloody bell.
I do n't particularly want to get involved in anything like that.
but I tell you what you know the mark two, have you ever displayed a coder and it rings, rings the bell when the intercom rings, rings the bell if the trunk's designed to ring and all that, you know when you get the, you put a call on hold and it comes back and it goes brr, brr, brr, the bell starts going ding, ding, ding, a right noise and apparently that's standard in the system I think that was a bit of an oversight to be honest with you.
Not data to the.
No I tell you it's wasting my time it's a known problem.
well whenever I've had this.
Well you know the one at erm the environmental.
the erm the displayed decoded it's actually mounted next to the kit and all we'll do is take twenty four volts out, volts out, they'll take the, take the data off the kit itself and then just bring twenty four volts out.
you know, maybe cos the signal's stronger now I do n't know, but that's the way to do it there, well you've got to bring twenty four volts out anyway.
you can take it here or you can take it there, it's just that the, the displayed decoder is safer.
Where is that?
The very, the very strays are where the wire goes, if you look at the drawing there a bit er, it actually comes in and out you know, one, one of them is actually the same, it actually just comes in and loops in and goes out again and you may.
find that you're actually on the same potential there, could be low potential and difference between the two that's all you need.
Yeah, that's right.
Oh very weird, yeah, I.
Well.
Why?
They say.
Yeah mm.
mm.
Oh.
It's a weird way of doing things, it's extremely, it's, it's weird, if you look at the drawing.
it's only six.
well to have to see take the bloody thing off.
Wellingborough?
Why what you gon na say?
Your going to Wellingborough that's a bloody turn up for the books is n't it?
I upset George the other day.
He says well I, we were on about sort of and he says bring it up at the next meeting, I says.
I says what meeting's that?
He says, the next regional meeting it's being held in Neesden he says you can go to that one ca n't ya?
I says no I ca n't, he says it's not very far, I said it's not the distance that bothers me it's the fact that you want us to sit there till eleven o'clock at night and not get paid for it, he says yeah but if you want to say something, I says I'd say something if I thought we'd be backed on it, but we're not, oh I'm not going anywhere to be if I'm not being paid.
I'm not getting involved.
Yeah, cos he covers Derby, he lives in Calverton, he comes through Nottingham to get to Derby, I live in Nottingham and I just do Nottingham, I'm nearer to Derby than what he is, near as door bell, I think it's the way they've laid it out though.
it is.
on that what?
well why do n't you go?
It's my patch, suit me here.
do what.
yeah well it did did n't it when the weather's like that.
if you're gon na do that, I'll tell ya if you switch it off and switch it back on again if, if it's the problem I think it is it'll cure it, if it's which I do n't think it is, it's the other one that's incurable.
It's incurable the reason I say it's incurable the system's too.
The reason I say it's, it's, the system's too old to go back to the Japs and say get this sorted out, rewrite the software because they're just gon na say not likely we have n't made it for ten years, or whatever seven or eight years or whatever it is, it's out of date, they're not gon na start working on the system that's that old all they'll want to do is to sell you a new one.
that's what we'll do.
are they overhead them cables?
They're not are the oh they are, the end there.
bloody hell.
no I do n't think it's in there, it's just description stuff, sizes and what have you maybe on the right section there, it's the one where you might wire the L J Us up as well, that's.
section, ah I think it is, that's it the one with the M B F to.
what's that?
Right.
extension belt there it is next page there you go hear that mate, it just goes in there look, and that, oh hang on a minute no it do n't that goes to the bell, through the bell, back out again and then er.
That's right through this big.
that's right, so you'll probably only just seeing.
circuitry there and then there's your, your data.
which you, you do parallel off.
like a yellow and that just says ring, ring, ring that brings the lane and it just does that, that's that belt, all it's doing is taking it through them relay contacts.
which is why you do n't see a voltage at the same leg really.
That's the way they are, have, have you any extension, extensions put in?
Tell you what it could be, ah hang on a minute, I ordered an extension for a bloody for a phone for that office, it could be the phone that's doing it in that office there I know, I know it could be corrupting, you know on the mark one the big one, the old generation mark one.
Has it?
Oh two or three months.
Oh right, yeah.
She's probably putting calls, she ai n't cos we've tried it over there, you pressed intercom, put it down, it, it does that.
No, I tell ya, there's about four in the company started doing it altogether, oh this is about the fourth one I think why that's what third.
told me I was talking to Brian day before yesterday, second line, he says there's loads of them doing it and it ca n't be cured.
Yeah, let's do a system reset and.
Very careful, we'll do that when we get over there, ha.
it looks more like the Selby's one than the erm, than the environmental.
cos the main environmental was er, it did it on its own, with a completely empty switchboard, no calls on five o'clock at night, everybody had gone home and the bloody thing would just sit ringing, ringing, ringing, ringing and erm.
Yeah, well you know this, this Selby's one that was the same, when the switchboard was busy it would er, if you, if you sees line three and played it down, well if anybody sees line three and played it down it used to do that or if you sees the intercom that did it, says it's more like the Selby's one than the new one.
and that was incurable.
well that was only there.
You got the key?
I ai n't got the key I ai n't got the key you had it.
I did n't you've got it.
Right then, what you got there for?
You tell them can we just switch the phones off for a couple of minutes, no, no calls on are they?
Cheers, okay Dave give it a good thirty second.
bet you've got a screwdriver over there ai n't ya?
Got to put this one back together while we're waiting.
What you got after this then, d'ya know?
That one of Selby's you know it was fine until they put an extension in just er a key station as soon as they did that this one started acting up, so he said it's only since we did that, he said it happened the day after we put that in, I said okay, disconnected it, still did it, disconnected it at the, end here, still did it, erased it from the program so it did n't even know it existed, still did it.
yeah, I, er.
have you connected it?
Yeah, even connected it on the end here, the, the station and set this display decoder up and it even did it there so it was nothing to do with the live lamp wire, the way they routed it we thought that perhaps rerouted it to the cable or something like that.
nothing went round and unplugged every phone out, wedged every one out cos we thought it might of been a station that's going down, cos er I'm saying about the mark one, the old.
two sixty, if you've got a bad phone it used to drag the paging down for all others, where if you've got paint in the socket.
or a bit of mould in one of the sockets it used to click all the phones when anybody made a call and er, all, all sorts of things that, I would of thought ah there's a faulty phone somewhere and it's degenerating and er we went round and waste every single one out, every single one, went to this extension pressed line three, play it down and the phone rang, I thought right it's not a phone, I changed the cabinet, I changed all the cards and the cards in one big one, I had one three.
so it were n't interacting between the two, everything had changed and it still did it, were a new kit, got a cabinet of setting line, changed it and it still did it.
I even went in at seven in the morning when they've got no compressors going in case it was the compressors dragging the whatsit down.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
Yeah, well I got a kit there and I wir I wired, just put it on the floor and it.
light on the wall, had it all connected bang, bang, pull them erm, er wired them all up and still did it, that mine?
Or yours?
Is it?
Yours.
Call one please ring Brian before ten thirty, it's ten twenty nine now so, oh bloody car phone.

No find it next to the unit, next to the.
Do n't.
out on you.
Yeah.
I did that at Selby's, I had the decoder, the new cabinet, everything, I had the decoder there hanging on the floor like that, I wired it up and I pressed extension sixteen and away it went, it said four there and the display decoder was there about ten extensions.
I think it was sixteen yeah, fifteen or sixteen, I'm sure it was sixteen.
but third lines.
that is something that'd happened all of a sudden, of about four throughout the cou, well three at the time throughout the country have suddenly gone like it within about a month or so of each other, and they've never had any trouble before, but I was talking to Brian and he said that's a load of cobblers, he says it's been doing it for a long time and there's loads of them doing it.
Yeah well if, if I get called backed to.
it, or I'll change that display decoder first, I mean that's been reset now, forget that, er.
yeah, well if you can get out o, f of that though.
Can you, what on eight three one?
Oh dear.
Oh aye, yes.
Well I thought that, but er.
you know, that was my.
to do it, but then again that was in it all the time, you know, it just do n't make sense.
funny how they're both garages were n't it?
Mm in fact, eh I tell you what.
all, yeah they're not, round the corner, all three garages is this is Selby's and there's erm, Selby's is Volkswagen repairer and er, oh no, yeah Lee invite.
it was in their garage where the lorry was.
Of all the systems we've got three garages it's happened to, radio station.
I think that wants putting back together there.
Cancel that will clear it up.
I thought you'd on we'll do a reset and see how it goes, and just leave it if it, if it clears it erm that's fine.
Change it, wow, bloody step.
Three steps to heaven that's what it is, kill myself next time.
I ask did I have my eyes shut when I kicked him, er.
Yeah I just clear it er I do n't like the idea of doing that actually.
What using it for er.
without asking, it comes up on the er have er, I'll ask her first hello it's the G P G engineer love, yeah, er my pager's just gone off, is it okay to use my telephone just to answer it please?
It is okay is it?
Alright, thank you, ta.
O'Connors?
Where's that?
What's happened there?
I have n't been there for over a, a year or more I think last time I was there.
On a tray there's service.
Is there?
I had to put the phone down because of you.
I know, I've got ta get a frame.
That's not a bad picture that.
Blue and green.
so that roof's supposed to be green then.
and that on the top of the boiler is definitely not blue, even though they use blue ink for it.
right.
What?
Not the people that book with you.
Yeah.
Yeah and you feel obliged to them to have it for next to nothing.
No.
mm.
Mm.
Yeah.
That rides over the, the relatives.
Yeah.
Why does somebody else at work do a disco?
Yeah.
That's it, yeah the general yeah, if you tell them to say you do n't want it you've had it ai n't ya?
You know our Wayne do n't ya?
Testing.
I've got.
excuse me I tell you what I like them, them.
chicken.
Them cheapo ones from Wallis?
I think I'm gon na have to start eating some stuffing.
tell you what I was in a bath this morning.
You know what I mean.
no you did n't you said you were gon na leave it.
He says need another wire.
Yeah.
it's not the same is it?
No.
But sometimes when you're using it it do n't quite work.
Ha, see what he means it's a switch.
told him it might need a new switch.
I says to him be prepared for a bill said I do n't mind paying for one, but.
About four quid.
Why?
Yeah.
Does about twenty, twenty three to the gallon.
Right.
at the speed I was doing it keeps it to that, if I'd of kept it to fifty it would of been a lot more.
Yeah, were n't on the way there though.
seventy minimum on the way there.
I like it, er pulls the looks, it do n't pull the birds but it.
A bit of a funnel.
Deep frying is a lot actually is a lot better than shallow frying.
cos it seals the food as soon as you put it in.
Yeah.
Oh it's true.
switch that's gone, it's proving it cos it's a bastard.
This.
no.
I'll get a longer lead as well for it.
about five metres of wire, is that long enough?
What is it?
Yeah.
Yeah, thing is getting them wires out.
Fuck off.
Do n't you know how to do them?
Oh really.
Yeah.
Oh I tried it for her.
er, I'll put a new switch on and wire, it ai n't the wire at all it's the switch.
have to double that, cos when you wiggle the wires here what it is when you wiggling the wire you're moving the thing contact, I said if you wiggle the wire it's alright it's sort of coincidental.
it might actually just be breaking the wire there.
I ca n't get them out, you can see it's struggling.
Not on them it is n't, it's usually the switch.
It's usually the switch.
Yeah.
Break the window to get the bloody wires through.
Where to get the ideas for the lamps and that.
what it is, it's these modern new.
they're not that bloody brilliant.
Yes.
It stopped it dead.
cos if it's not the wiring, the switch is alright.
Wo n't be able to get the.
a brand new blade, if working on something and.
working away not minding my own business.
working away.
Oh did I laugh me just about done with these.
Oh, do n't know where they're from.
and it always has the same thing.
Oh shit.
Zoom, zoom, zoom.
Yeah.
Just press a button.
Mm.
They've got people standing on top an'all.
Yeah.
Mm These countries are amazing are n't they, they're so.
in the cities and yet.
out in the wild.
Yeah.
Do what?
Amazing int it you get something like that and it'll go forever.
Did you hear that?
Makes you wonder do n't it?
Eh?
Mm.
Hello there man, of course I'm awake, I'm eating my tea, ha you're wrong, Russell's organizing his night so that he's gon na pick you up half eight quarter to nine okay well I, I ai n't had a shower or anything yet, I mean er everything's organized I organized it all for picking you up eight quarter to nine, bless you, what's your number?
Oh what I'll do when I'm ready I'll give you a bell which means it'll be what ten, fifteen minutes from then to picking you up Oh that's it Alright, see you bell in a bit, ciao.
They have to pay as well?
Yeah.
Well there's a thing going round a few years ago were n't there with these models, just pay for them to go out there.
and just keep them on meagre wages and then they'd have to subsidize themselves or.
Everybody wants to.
Which one?
Yeah.
I thought they're trading people that's coming up as well.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
Sorry we should never of let them in first.
Yeah.
Mm.
Well I see this thing in the paper.
Yeah full of white man over there.
See if you can find a tickatape reading machine for a.
Yeah.
I've got.
Really love it, it is racist.
You, I tell you you'll love it.
Yeah.
I tell ya if you can, if you know anywhere that's got one.
it'll look.
Are n't there?
Yeah.
Oh I know but them who are, are really bad.
You know a lot of people erm, you're not, they.
to acc accept them to what they are.
But when they start coming.
and start calling you behind your back cos you'll find out.
Mm.
I know, I was I went up for some chips at the top.
and er.
and I says to him that's one thing you never get at that, that one at Top Shop.
well she says like, I wo n't be a minute.
I could see what she was doing, I wo n't be a minute, I think she knows what I go in for.
it ai n't very often I go in for something other than chips and not have chips as well you know.
Well you know like fish and nothing else.
says oh I'll not be a minute yeah so he starts, you do n't get that sort of thing that one, the Big Shops.
Yeah.
and she were telling me the guy that runs it wo n't let them talk to the customers, said that was pig ignorant surely.
No do n't own that one at Top Shop.
No.
But when you go go into this one yeah they're nice and friendly are n't they?
You walk in and just like er, they're always talking to you.
At that one at the Big Shops, the guy that ru okay it might be the guy that runs it not the one that owns it.
wo n't let them talk.
he wo n't let them talk, it's disgusting, I tell ya, you know, no end of times I've been in there and it's obvious we're waiting for chips.
to cook and they wo n't say.
Something like that.
on top of as well, we've just put them in they'll be about five minutes or whatever.
I mean what does it cost, no, no end of times I've just.
walked out with it's unreal.
No, it's, when I was talking to these.
this other chappie.
you know the top one out the two.
He's some foreigner thing, but they were saying they do n't allow them to talk to the customers that's it, you do n't talk false stop, no hows, whys or whatever, you do n't talk.
Yeah I do n't go though.
I wo n't go in the shop even with.
I've even considered reporting it to the health people.
It can be.
Their captain's making it difficult for them on the blower.


Yeah he's had a big.
Oh I do n't know why he just does n't turn the boat so the current was too much for the.
Yeah.
yeah did you not know that?
You know when you're fishing.
boil ham.
throw it down as ground bait.
sends the fish high.
Yeah.
Pre-boil it.
rinse the stuff out, and just throw it in and you're away.
I do n't know.
Yeah did n't boil it though did you?

Oh it did n't look like it was making a hundred miles an hour anyway.
What happens if that engine blows up?
Got a good day then?
I can see it, blimey where's that from?
Did it?
What for?
What.
really?
Yeah.
You could use that could n't you?
You, you, you have two do n't you for a sub base or just, you just have one do ya?
One yeah.
Cos it's not, it's non-directional ai n't it base?
What, what it is on that one you've got this speaker right and it goes down to really low frequencies especially.
right, oh you've got to have a special sub base speaker then?
Well it ai n't got ta, it ai n't got to be a sub base one, it's a base speaker.
Mm, bigger then.
You know, you know that padding that you put on the car you know that stuff on the doors inside?
Mm, yeah.
You put two squares of that and stick on to the cone.
You're joking.
and it slows you down, and it goes in out and like that.
Blimey well you could have them on your A speakers and then have yours, just play your surrounds could n't ya if you wanted to do it that way if you want really.
Yeah but you'll lose, you'll lose.
oh of course you are yeah, yeah oh.
just like that and hi-fi speakers and hi squire, hi-fi speakers.
Hi squire be hi squire speakers.
Anyway.
something beginning with S.
Yeah, all sorts like that.
Yeah.
and there's one it's supposed to be erm a pretty good unit.
Yeah.
and it only had one over all the speaker.
Oval?
Electrical?
Was it?
Yeah on a four amp speaker that's it.
well we're not talking.
again, sub base.
No, no these are speakers on.
Really, new ones?
Well not new ones out all.
sort of catalogue in them.
Mm computer, yeah.
yeah I thought about, about that amp you know.
Did you get it?
Oh, eh.
Have you tried it out?
Oh yeah.
Do you make a hundred and fifty watt speaker?
Ha, was it?
Sixteen hundred.
Well the ones I'm running are twenty five watts.
What's the, what's.
forty, twenty five watts or less, forty watts nominal the ones I'm running not through a hundred watt channel, er.
Now we went, we went to er to.
just before Christmas.
Ai n't you got the ones?
Yeah.
Yeah.
he says he says.
yeah.
about a hundred and forty quid the pair.
The pair?
The pair.
Yeah.
and they erm say a hundred and forty watt.
Handling.
yeah there's, yeah, yeah that's not bad then, you said they sounded alright did n't you?
Sounds.
did they?
And when he sat in here like they've got like two glass doors.
Yeah.
yeah.
He's got two of them that go in to his next room.
Yeah.
and then he got it up the back that far.
You can hear it.
and he got it turned up a bit and sounds bloody from the other room.
Yeah.
and then we get in the doors.
well you know what I've done with mine erm, just temporarily, I'm trying to find out to speaker position, eh?
Put big resisters on it.
Big resisters yeah, I just do n't turn it up very far, it's, it's, it's lovely, it really is, it's well worth the money.
Yeah.
and er I've put er, you know how my room's, the fire's there and I, I had erm sort of either side of the fireplace did n't I, but one.
Yes.
was in the back room cos of the size of the fireplace and one in that corner but they're in the way, that was only temporary while the house is upside down and I've put two.
yeah, yeah, put them upside down and the house will be the right way round, I've put one either side of the patio door and sort of based them slightly inwards on the floor to get the maximum bass response, I understand in that room it's brilliant, it's absolutely su boom, boom.
Yeah but what happens when you come down the other end?
As soon as you walk through the archway, I mean you'd expect it to be an open.
You'll lose it.
You lose it.
Yeah.
Well you'd lose it.
Could you get, you know when I said it, you know when I said about.
It must hit the wall and bounce off.
did I, did I ask you about that erm when Dave.
lighting on the ceiling, he's got four speakers and I said look what, what's happening is the, the sound from that particular sound from that.
mm.
It does work that does cos I've, I've read about it in one of the books.
Oh yeah, it's like wiring your speakers back to front as well.
Mm.
erm, getting the.
wrong, your, your, your bass response just goes it cancels out cos one's pushing and pulling, the other's pulling and pushing, vicious.
Yeah, I've got a design for a set of speakers upstairs and do, I think it's three way like that.
Yeah.
and it's, it's got the box the design of the box will interfere.
yeah.
I tell you what there's been about four or five different types of that.
is there?
Yeah, you've got one where you get bass reflex.
Yeah.
right and then you've got an infinite backing where you got speakers there like that and then you got a board behind that and then one behind that and behind that.
That's right yeah, yeah.
you know, there's another one, another, another type of back is.
This is all for bass is it?
No it's all for speaker's cabinets.
Mm, mm.
it's easily when.
the computer program.
is it.
and all the generator the sills.
mm.
an amplifier, a multimeter.
Yeah.
you know, and you stick it on, you know, like it shows in the circuit, and then whatever reading you get that's.
yeah.
whatever that is, I dunno.
yeah.
work out and you can put all the information in to the computer.
Yeah.
bloody hell, yeah, my box in, I think my speaker boxes are glued together, you ca n't get at erm.
Are they vacuum sealed though?
It would n't surprise me.
Because it, it, it turns to the, you do n't lose so much bass in the back.
Yeah, if it's vacuum sealed yeah.
Yeah cos in, well I do n't suppose it could be vacuum sealed it would rip all your.
would n't it?
Yeah I suppose it would would n't it, if it tries to come forward yeah, yeah.
But you do n't get any.
as your bass come out your.
yeah, yeah, you do n't get the sort of, when your speaker's on loud you get a lot of sound coming out the back.
Yeah, but it's very, it's well, can, I do n't suppose it can be, I might of had one of the speakers out but I know there in the back of the speakers, you had this loft insulation it's full of that.
Yeah it's like white stuff.
No it's yellow, it's yellow.
Wadding.
Yeah like wadding yeah.
yeah there's a lot of different designs you ca n't move the back of these.
Ca n't ya?
you've got to take the speakers out the front.
Mm.
to get, you know, to get inside.
I ca n't get in my back or front.
Oh ca n't you get your speakers out?
I ca n't remember now, I know I've had a go to have a look at them to see how, to see exactly how, cos what I thought, what I thought I was gon na do was, I did n't like the furniture of the, of the speakers and when I was keeping that system I was gon na remount the speakers in the box a bit more you know decorative.
but erm, you know, I remember as coming across one or two obstacles and I could n't get in to it I thought if I'd tried a bit harder, I did n't want to start you know so.
I've been thinking about convert these speakers this time.
Mm.
because you only sort of need to buy one set of speakers.
Mm.
move the cabinets and if they're no good just cut them up and throw them away.
Yeah.
you know, but, one of them it shows you inside the side view of the cabinet.
Yeah.
right, and you've got your speaker there, and you've got your.
coming down like that, but in the corner you've got a piece of concrete.
Concrete?
and ceramic tiles set on it.
You're joking.
Eh?
All in the, all in the book.
Oh.
ceramic tiles set in it like that.
Yeah.
Well that's the sound lock.
Oh.
yeah, but.
perspex in the speakers so you can see through them.
But the.
of perspex is not the right material for the, for the box is it?
Not really because.
mm, would n't sound right though, you would n't get the cor correct type of resonance out of it.
mm, I do n't know I think a lot of the sound travels through the wood, I think that's all part of it, you know, I do n't think you'd have very good erm quality out of to be honest with you.
You know them, you know them little tubes that you put in.
mm, I've seen them on the front that's all yeah, mm.
things like that, they've a plastic tube in them, I.
is it?
Yeah.
really.
but it's the right size.
This is it you see, I mean a, a company like or have gone to a lot of trouble to get that length right, er and to tune the box and all this that and the other and get the right, I do n't know maybe er just think oh you know you just build this, put this massive speaker in and call it a sub based woofer.
Mm.
you know, you do n't know what the qualities gon na be like, it's alright getting one for fifty quid.
Yeah.
if it's decent, but if you've got a decent system and you've got a crap.
you're really wasting your time having one.
Yeah I know.
Yeah cos I've seen a sub based.
they're over three hundred pounds and there must be a difference.
is it?
Yeah.
Well, rather pay a bit more and get one that's good.
Yeah, I mean that Kenwood's got, he.
he says it looks nice as well.
yeah.
You ca n't actually see the speakers.
Mm.
he's got Kenwood words written on it and a great big diamond on the, at the end.
Mm, yeah, ma maybe with a W.
Yeah with a W.
That's right yeah that it's made out, yeah.
does it?
Yeah.
Yeah and that's, that's what two hundred quid?
That's two hundred quid.
Yeah, but I tell you what about then I says to him I went to him and says erm about the stamp thirty one hundred, he says erm.
Oh he says I can get you one, I said I want to hear it first.
he said oh it's not rigged up, there's no plug on it, there's no speakers attached to the back, I says well when can you get rigged up?
He says I'm coming New Year's Day, alright, he went down and he shut it, cos I went in the shop and I says er hang on I thought you was open New Year's Day?
I were, ah I says I came here at quarter past two, place was all shut up.
what time did you go, I can deal with the manager and she was the manageress, he's the assistant, er, er, er, I says oh dear have I dropped you in it?
I paid you till four o'clock, I thought oh no er and he says do you want one?
I says I want to listen to it, you know, I said I've heard it with C D going through it with about four sets of speakers, but I want to listen to it through eight sets of speakers with cassette, a cassette that I like to make sure, to my type, he says I guarantee you now you will like it, he says you will like he says, he says we do a ten day er return thing, he says you buy something, he says you bring it back within ten days undamaged we'll give you money back if you do n't like the quality of the sound, for whatever reason we'll give you your money back.
yeah, yeah.
when, when I went in to work the other day, Pete says I do n't know about that, that Kenwood stuff.
Oh too hot.
says er they do C D player.
Yeah.
and amp and a set of speakers it's about three hundred and odd quid and it's er Samsung and it's supposed to be one.
Mm.
of the best you can, the best sound you can get.
Really?
three hundred pound.
Mm.
I thought well.
no.
be a bargain for somebody.
Yeah.
this one, look at the back, I think the reason it's so big is to go in on the sockets at the back, put, you can put two tapes on it.
Yeah.
C D, two video recorders through it, why you would want to put er the video recorders through an amp I do n't know, but you can.
have that.
Oh I would n't let them drive me out.
I would n't let them drive me out would you?
you can, you can probably get better ones than, than white labels.
Yeah.
That's right, they're always personable you know, they'll always speak to you.
Aye.
Even they're not always a problem though.
Well I mean look at mine I've got white neighbours and you do n't get noisier than them.
pleasant enough, you know, but it's just everything you've done, you know.
Sat here and.
oh god I've had enough of this, so I went round, knocked on the front door, win curtain went back like that, she went.
What?
so I went round the back.
Oh dear.
knocked on the door Jim said er.
Jim fancy her does he?
well that'd be.
going round the block would n't it?
used to go, used to go for runs did n't he?
Well, well you do anyway when you see them on telly and they're all hanging round the, you know, the, the A N C meetings they all go up and down like this.
I think they do that in their sleep, I do n't think there's a.
get used to it.
yeah.
I said eh can you turn this music down, my kid's asleep, oh right, oh and he went and turned it down.
Yeah.
went in then.
Well that's it.
and then we waited till next morning when they were all fast asleep you know and.
mm.
yeah.
then you start drilling and sawing.
hammering and banging one night.
especially, especially trying to do a bit of.
up against the wall.
Yeah.
we had, we had hammer drilled the blunt bit.
Well they were knocking one night well gone twelve, about twenty to one I think it was, still banging and hammering, and I'm sure if I rang him and said look you know pack it up this, he'd, he'd say oh I'm sorry yeah and he will, but you should n't have to do that.
that's right.
I've always ai n't I when I've done summat, if I've been sawing or banging, making a noise I've always stopped at ten.
Yeah that's, I think that's a reasonable time.
mm.
but when I did this, I did this.
Cor blimey that goes in one ear.
when I did this there were no there were nobody next door.
Yeah.
were there that side.
then I bothered?
No.
I mean sometimes you could sit here and.
their music on.
Mm.
The thing, the thing I like about it is with, with blackies and things like that when they turn it up all they do is boom, boom.
Yeah.
when you've got white people next door at least you can hear the music.
You can hear the er.
I do n't mind that I.
Yeah.
like, I'd turn the telly off and listen to their music sometimes.
Mm.
I do n't mind the Beatles.
Do n't like the Beatles, though I like the blackies between, between two slices of bread.
How's your telly? is it alright?
Have you tried them both together?
Great.
What The Shining?
Oh really.
got this program upstairs, I did n't tell you about it did I?
Mick come down on Saturday, you know Mick.
Mick?
Big Mick.
Big Mick.
No just Mick.
No it's just Mick now.
Ricky has left, she went off with a bloke ten years younger than her.
Really?
Yeah.
you could get on with Ricky she's a good listener.
oh really, yeah.
Anyway he come down and he got this box with disks in.
computer, computer disks.
Computer disks yeah.
and he just come in and he just sort of put them down like that, put the books next to them like that and never said nothing, so I never said nothing to them about them anyway.
computers and that and er he left it and he just carried on talking about this that and the other, and he says right I'm going and he went and he left the game, he'd brought it down for the kids, he did n't say, you know.
had their computer nicked.
yeah, yeah.
it's Nick and Eddy's.
he gave it them and never said owt, you know what I mean he just says oh there's a Ninja in there and Batman and this that and the other and left them.
Yeah.
there's, there's a program in there it's called Auto Ring you put.
Oh yeah yeah.
put, put put them in.
seen that we use that.
put this program in and you swap it for this er map disk, then it comes up, you tell it where you are, where you going to and it works your route out.
Yeah it gives you about three or four erm individual routes, do n't it?
It gives you the fastest route.
Shortest by road.
Shortest route.
Yeah.
and an intermediate route.
Yeah.
or in some cases you get two intermediate routes.
Mm.
and it tells you how far away it is, how long it should take you to get there.
to get there, yeah, you can put the time of day in as well ca n't ya?
You can tell it what time you wan na set out.
Yeah.
you can also tell it what you.
I think it also works out the, the traffic load.
you can also, you can also.
Amazing.
work out if you want to avoid a place, you can put, say, say you're going from.
Mm or you can go by.
say from here here to Corby or something like that.
Mm.
where you go, you go through Leicester more or less would n't you?
Yeah.
And you can just put down Nottingham to Corby avoiding Leicester.
Yeah.
and it says break and you can put out all your stops going in.
Mm.
you know you stop for twenty minutes, put twenty minutes, and you, you just press return and it throws a map up, a map of part of England.
Mm.
where you are.
That's it.
goes.
like that and puts all the numbers in.
Mm.
and then you can zoom in on it closer.
Yeah that's it you can move the arrow around ca n't ya, the arrow moves.
Yes.
and you can move the arrow and the cursor, that's it an arrow and a mouse you just hit it and it expands that bit.
Yeah you can zoom into it, you can zoom out from it, then you can put more detail in it, put more little places in around it and you can.
That's it, yeah.
where, where you are and that.
I think Gordon's got one, we use one at work though, yeah it's, yeah yes it's very good.
and then you just print it out and what you do.
instead of, instead of in the map with a, with a drawing like that.
Mm.
you, you get to the text one as well?
Yeah.
Where it tells you you're at.
Yeah that's it.
Nottingham and.
That's it.
you have to walk so and so for three miles.
Yeah that's it.
Yeah.
Often my.
that's it, yeah, yeah, you can give it to the driver then ca n't you?
Yeah.
Mm.
I was just wondering how on earth your supposed to get to the M one heading towards er Bramford I mean.
no Cockbrave, everywhere you go from here is towards Cockbrave.
Is it?
Yeah.
I like, I like that, I like the idea of it telling you how far it is.
Yeah.
Lovely.
Yeah.
you know it's.
if you put twenty minute break in then does it tell you which is the best cafe to stop at and how much egg and chips cost you?
and what you can do is if you've got a.
yeah.
you can go and say er Nottingham, Grantham, Grantham to Lincoln, Lincoln to Newark and it'll tell you the, the route between each town.
Yeah.
like that you see, if you get to Lincoln you've done that one.
Yeah.
go down here, down here, down here.
you see it.
Mm, very good, yeah, I was spellbound when I first saw that, saw that about, I think the first time about three years ago.
how, how long did it take Mick to sort it out?
Sorry?
How long did it take Mick to sort a route out?
Erm, it all depends, it looks erm.
On that one it sort of leaves a disk, it's got like a bar underneath.
Mm.
and as it's checking the list for the roads in the town.
That is I think that is.
it, it cuts down like that, then it goes off then it starts again, then it goes off and then goes.
that's it yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm vaguely recalling it now because it was six months ago since I saw Mick's but er, yeah that sounds about right.
Mm.
I can remember something about that.
eight hundred and forty eight miles.
Really?
fourteen hours and something.
Good lord.
that's without a break.
Yeah, well he's, when he first says to me he says right he says er, this was when I first got an inkling that he was gon na check the mileage you know like for the future, and it says erm, where do you wan na go to?
I says er when was it, he says where do you wan na go from?
I says Scotland, he says where?
To Nottingham, where do you wan na go by?
I says Dublin he says I ca n't it's got ta be in Geordie then he says erm he says well where do you wan na go through?
I says well Blackpool then, did all the routes you know, tell you all the routes that you can take for you know, and that took what fifteen seconds, twenty seconds or something to work that out, maybe there's not a lot to er alternatives.
Usually has a C C.
that's it er yeah but the thing is learners ca n't use motorways, er they want something to, wish to avoid motorways.
I think there might be yeah.
Yeah.
I ai n't had a proper look I just put it on and said, work a few routes out you know where it.
Yeah.
where you're going, I mean I did Nottingham to Peterborough, how long did it take Nottingham to Peterborough?
An hour and eleven.
one hour and eleven minutes it said on there.
Yeah will do, yeah.
It'll take me fifty minutes.
Yeah, but I mean I think this is sticking to us.
I tell you another option, tell you another option you've got in it, you can put down your G T I as well you can go in a G T I.
I do n't know the difference that makes but it's got an option, something like erm.
Well it's for time int it, obviously.
normal normal car.
Yeah.
you know van, lorries and stuff like that.
but, but the thing is if, if the traffic's gon na be heavy, if it thinks we're gon na get stuck in traffic, if you've got a G T I you're that type of driver you've got that type of power, you can sort of pass and save a bit of time.
Yeah.
so maybe it's, yeah, it's a good idea though yeah.
The one.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
I know they did.
you had it, you had it on your dashboard like that, you know like a map.
Yeah.
and what happen was you had like a, a receiver in your car and all the information was transmitted from, transmitted from like on lamp post.
Yeah.
and if you was, it says like he, you.
going to Oxford, if you went to Oxford and you come to such and such a way and you're going out towards Ipswich and the big roundabout there was.
Mm.
you know solid or there's been an accident it tells you there's an accident at, at this point.
Mm.
and this is your alternative route and gives you an alternative way to go round to get passed it.
Yeah.
I'd seen an accident the other day in town I'd seen two and did you notice.
they knocked the bridge down.
What bridge?
Er not the bridge the er the gates to the Embankment have you seen that?
Yeah I have.
Yeah.
seen the state.
Did you?
I dunno I just, I was coming in at dinner time and there was a, a double decker bus with all its front smashed in, the wall fell over.
Mm, apparently the guy that was driving it had overalls on, so he may have been a mechanic delivering it to somewhere or test driving it over there.
yeah.
then I went, I went into town a bit later on, come down Manstral Road and there was like a load of traffic there and I got to where the traffic lights are just before you get to the big turning at Manstral Road.
Mm.
do you know where I mean?
Mm.
And there was a single decker bus then, right, stopped in the middle of the road and there was an Escort and he'd gone under the back right up to his windscreen like that the back.
Really?
the back of the bus was right at his windscreen like that.
Aye, cos they're quite high are n't they at the back, them Fords ai n't they?
Yeah, and it was right up to his windscreen.
Good god.
just look, the windscreen were n't broke.
Yeah.
but the back of the bus was level with it like that.
Yeah, you know these short dump trucks, the little stubby things, I saw one of them once erm, at the junction of Avenue Street and erm, well outside Lynn's there.
Mm.
and there was this dump truck sort of about two foot out, he'd obviously changed his mind and sort of had er stopped, had a Reliant Regal, you know a Reliant Regal it was right up to the windscreen and there was a pile of glass in, you know everywhere it was.
Tell you what.
and that was that was done right underneath this lorry.
on the, on the way to work one morning when I was, I was at.
I went, I used to go into town, past that grey garden up, up Forest Road.
Yeah.
and then turn left and you're down towards Icing Green, do you know where I mean?
And you come out near that new.
No, you went from.
it's called Mount Eaton Road.
Mount Eaton Road I know yeah.
Yeah that's when you, when you come up that.
yes.
to the lights.
Yes yeah oh I was.
instead of turning round.
coming the wrong way on the wrong road, yeah.
if you go up.
and going straight on up the hill.
You come along Ladford Road.
Boulevard, that's with the bed shop on the corner.
Yeah.
Straight up there.
straight on, past Camby and Sand.
Yeah.
up to the lights.
Yeah.
and then you come up and turn left at the florists.
Yeah, the.
right.
go straight up.
go straight up the hill.
Salvage Street.
Salvage Street is it?
Yeah.
are the one.
I was coming down there, right.
Yeah.
and I just got through the traffic lights first thing in the morning and there was two light.
I could n't believe it both of them and they'd smashed into each other.
Really?
and there were bits of fibreglass all over the street.
Oh.
and two halves of car like laying on the side.
Yeah.
Incredible, I, I could never believe that, two.
They.
into each other, cos they do do n't they?
Eh yeah Rick's er, Rick's car broke down you know and, and van broke down and somebody he, he, he lived in Clifton and worked at Radcliff on Trend and somebody says to him oh you can borrow our car it was a Reliant Regal, eh he said oh god, you know, I'll have to park it round the corner, and he got out, did n't go into work, you know go to work every day where erm.
yeah, no problem, and he says when you're driving along he says people flashing me, he says you see a head a pair of headlights flashing you think, it's not, it's another Reliant Regal some other bloke with a cap on you know.
you know, one enthusiast club.
We had a bit of fun er not last Saturday the Saturday before did n't we?
We went bowling, he, come across he says.
he says oh can we go in your car tonight he says mine's er, the alternator's gone.
Yeah.
and you have to push it to start it like, I says yes alright then, I knew the timing was out on mine so I thought I'd do that this afternoon.
Mm.
before we go, so I'm out there just set the timing.
then all of a sudden it went, but you know like.
kids give it a shove, pushed it on the street.
so turned it round and come back, this bloke pulls up in this er well three, three litre.
super job was it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
J reg were n't it, jumped out, wan na push?
Yeah alright then, got down about ten yards it started again.
Yeah.
got it home and what it is, is the timing on the car probably cos it's so old.
Yeah.
is a lot further up er what it says in the book, no way near them.
Yeah you ca n't set it by the book.
so I just, you know.
Till it sounded right.
Mm that's it.
That's it, I do till it peaks without pinking.
Yeah.
that's it, it's done.
Yeah.
so it er, it were running alright then, and er I took it for a spin I went round the block, up Robin Hood Way.
Which one's that?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, up to Wickes.
Mm, mm.
straight up the erm by the custom bridge, right up to the next island round there, round the island and back down again.
yeah.
Yeah.
I give it some you know.
Yeah.
back over the flyover, back down here, comes up stop, turns it straight back on again.
oh no.
Yeah.
thought right, spanner took it out the starter motor.
What's that?
Well it was n't it was the solenoid.
Yeah, is it for a gauge?
A ring.
Is the solenoid on the starter?
Yeah, yeah, what it, what it was on them ones.
when you turn your key it suddenly clicks and it clicks the thingy forward.
Yeah.
and then when it does that when the solenoid comes back.
Mm.
it comes back through the starter motor and so I thought oh right strip it all down see what's up, see if it's bent inside.
Yeah.
strips it all down, gets the book out, do this, no, that do n't work, put the book away.
Aha.
ripped it to pieces.
Yeah just use your commonsense.
took it all to pieces, cleaned it up all inside it's great, I thought right I'll take it outside and I'll try it now.
Mm.
just outside.
held your foot on it so it did n't fly all over the place, yeah.
yeah.
where's all this gone.
Yeah.
I thought I'll get one down the scrap yard.
Well the.
yeah so you can get the solenoid off.
Eh?
do n't you?
No, the one, the one I worked on it was inter.
you had to get a, take, replace the lot.
The cella solenoid on the top like that.
Yeah.
and all, all it's got is now.
No ta.
yeah.
this.
this solenoid is under.
It look like ribbon and there's more to come.
Yeah.
A bit slow on that one were n't ya?
there's this solenoid on the top.
Yeah.
and it's got like a, a metal thing that comes from it and it's on a pivot.
Mm.
like, so you've got a solenoid that holding the top on the pivot and the bit at the bottom just like a.
like that.
Yeah like selector like a J selector?
Yeah.
Yeah.
and when it clicks back it just goes like that, it pushes and pulls.
Yeah.
and all you do is you take that pin out and pull it out.
Oh, eh.
oh, eh, does it?
yeah go on.
So I went round the scrap yard.
to er, what's it called?
yeah.
Ken's.
Ah.
No, not.
anyway went in, have you got one?
Well there's one there, there's one there and there's one round the back, so I looked in that one.
it's a different engine.
Yeah.
cos in, when you.
and it shows you the, the engine.
I went round the back and they'd got.
yours a two litre?
I thought it was a sixteen hundred, yeah.
yeah.
looked in it they're the same, I thought.
tried to pull it out, it wo n't come out, there's a bracket on it, on the back.
Was it?
Yeah, and it was getting a bit dark and I could n't see.
Oh.
and I could n't see underneath like er.
is it done?
I said no not yet, he says we're going in a minute, quarter to.
dip stick.
Yeah.
pulled it out the way, fiddle me car.
yeah.
and then I go some, put it in.
It's alright.
cleaned it all first.
Yeah my nephew's selling an X R Two you know, grant it in the paper's three thousand.
whatever it is, deflate, and er guy come round, no problems, no problems with it, well I mean the head gasket's gone and there's a hole near the wing and bald tyre on it but mechanically it's, this guy comes round to look at it, I mean he's been driving it from Plymouth, he's in the navy, up and down here, bloke comes round, yeah no problem, come on round mate, come and have a look at it, look round it, says yeah I like this can I just take it for a drive?
Yeah, goes click, click, click, the starter motor, would n't believe it would ya?
Eh?
Would of finished up.
and now the van's got the red light heat coming on, on the battery, took it into the garage and checked it, it's charging the battery alright, its alternator's okay, but we do n't know what it is but when you turn it on, when you turn the key on in the morning.
Yeah.
you know where the indicator's on it's a dead flash int it?
Yeah.
It sounds like that, but in the dashboard.
on the back of the er alternator.
Is it?
Yeah.
Your instrument voltage regulator.
That's what I think it is.
Yeah.
it's not cutting out for the for the thingy.
That's right is your.
no.
Oh.
What, what else is happening, you know you know your brake warning lights?
Yeah.
When your brakes are going.
Yeah.
erm that then do n't come on either, but when it clicks like that they flash together and they both light up, and then when you start it up they go up and then they come back on again.
You got an.
problem?
I do n't think so he, he says it's charging alright so.
sounds like you've got a.
to me.
This is it, if it's a.
yeah.
If the, if the battery was, like if you want it.
the battery, when you turn it on that.
that's true, yeah.
Yeah, so you can leave it and.
but this, this er starter motor is the one I bought from the.
is better than the one that's in it.
Yeah.
it's got four good.
instead of two.
Has it?
Yeah.
yeah, well is it?
you've got more chance of it firing.
Yeah, cos if one set go you still got.
right I went to G T Cars.
Yeah, will they do it?
to ask about the.
yeah.
To buy one.
I bet they'll sell you one would n't they?
Yeah they would, yeah.
Did they?
Yeah and.
starter motor before.
Yeah.
I says er how much are they?
how much?
Well I'd say to price it, I know they're not quite so expensive on carpet but I'd say I'd say about seventeen pounds, but I bet it was about twenty seven or thirty one.
It was about fifty seven.
You're joking, just for a solenoid?
I said alright, how much is it for the starter motor with the solenoid built onto it like?
Oh probably about sixty two.
Eighty quid.
Yeah, that's it.
Twenty quid for a starting motor.
Yeah.
I'll have one of them.
well he says we've had so many of them.
I thought I'm not surprised.
I've got er, I've got a database.
Yeah.
on a database because it'll soon be.
what I've done is I've put like erm the year, the year and the make of the month, right.
the month anyway, so I've put something like one, ten, eighty seven right as the month and after that I've put down what magazine it is.
Yeah.
every.
yeah.
and then I've put project what it's called and then I've put what kind of project it is what type.
Oh right.
and then I've put like audio.
Yeah.
and photographic.
Yeah.
so that in the end when I sell it again I can put the type in alphabetical ascending order.
Mm.
so it'll be like erm amplifier, bass amplifier.
Yeah.
you know.
Oh yeah.
things like that.
Yeah.
It, it's all that and then you can just look through the amplifier.
and it takes about eighty records at a time because it's using forty five letters with the.
right.
cos some of them are dead wrong.
Yeah.
erm so many for the dates and for so many for the.
and so on like that and er, I thought okay.
load it, sort it out and print it, right?
Mm.
It starts off happily printing away, gets to page full.
Yeah.
starts to wind fan fold paper and wind it and wind it and wind it.
Bet they're all printed.
it's coming right through.
I thought what the bloody hell's all this.
Yeah.
switched it off, fanned it all back, right and I thought start again, I must be doing something wrong, so I.
the switches in the back.
Yeah.
so er I thought I'd try it on one piece one piece of paper.
Yeah.
one with perforation on.
Yeah.
try it on that, put the paper in.
did pass the paper and er the paper light comes on.
Right, yeah, and he's carried on printing while the.
paper like.
Really?
Yeah, gets.
page, winds that piece of paper out, withdraw the package like that.
Yeah.
and then it winds another piece of paper in and starts printing again.
yeah, aha.
You're supposed to be using that, so it's printing the sheet and throwing it out and.
printing on that one and then throwing that out and making another one.
Yeah.
that's why the, that's why they're running backwards and then forwards again.
Mm.
to make sure it ai n't falling in, you know.
What printer is it?
Epsom.
They're good.
very good, yeah, I say you could borrow my printer again, but that's, that packed up you know.
Did it?
that printer of mine, yeah about.
about, no, no it's only about a fortnight ago, I was on site doing a job and I come out and as far as you know what you call courtesy dial in a card, so that you do n't cut anybody off, you can dial it and everybody says oh what's going off, you know, you can courtesy dial it, when we've finished it shuts that channel down.
Mm.
yeah.
oh ca n't get it, and that's what we do and it comes up three channels you can use and somebody else cleared out two channels are used and if them channel.
everybody on that call, instead of sixteen channels on a card and there's five people using it, it comes up five channels in use and blocks out number eleven so that nobody else can use it.
Ah right.
you see?
as they as they share the line it switches them off.
Blocks them off as well yeah, and it comes up one channel in use when they cleared out card down, it clears the card so you can take it out I do n't, they come down three channels in use, two channels in use, one channel in use.
