
What's the kettle for?
What?
No, no.
Come on Paul get a move on.
Pardon?
Oh come on stop this.
stop it what's the matter?
That's a good way of breaking your neck that er stop it, just get up, turn round, turn round.
Yeah, whoever put this plant on the stairs did n't realize that we've got silly people like you in the house.
whoever's put that plant on the stairs does n't realize we've got silly people like you in the house, just have a look.
no just look.
he's being a zombie, so he's coming downstairs with two sleeping bags over the top of his head and knocking everything over, just look at it.
He can do the lot and he can grow up as well, fifteen and he's be playing at being zombies.
Here there you are poppet.
Are you going to the hospital this morning?
Well if you do it'll give us a chance to find out whether he's coming home today or tomorrow, and it'll give your mum a chance to get back to Southwold.
Pardon?
Well, we do n't know till we're told do we?
pardon?
Do they always smell those things?
No it's not that, what I'm thinking is, if he's coming out tomorrow.
you'll need to get back to the bungalow.
to sort things out wo n't you?
so the more time you've got to do that, the easier it'll be for you wo n't it?
How many sugars do you have in coffee is it one?
Do you have one sugar in coffee?
Me?
No, well I can, but it's only third party fire and theft then, just hope the fully comp goes, can you get some milk please?
It's not is it?
Well, the sooner we know what's going to happen.
if he's going to come out, they'll be coming out, well it's Thursday today, yeah, so be coming out Friday, yeah?
They wo n't send him out Saturday or Sunday.
Did they?
I thought they kept them in over.
Well I'll check on my insurance.
Yeah, as soon as we know something we can start making decisions ca n't we?
Otherwise we're, we're in no man's land.
Mr round this morning yeah.
Yeah.
it's half past ten.
how d'ya mean, nine o'clock, hour and a half.
mm Paul.
that plant, those stairs.
get out of there and get it done.
He's off his painkillers.
Well that's good because it means that.
whatever it was, is n't hurting him any more.
so.
it's, I think it's another step, I think that's a, an enormous stride.
Ah, well.
I think it would be, it'll come as.
it comes a hell of a shock now I think it was.
Yeah, put it in the fridge.
All these painkillers.
Going to the toilet as well normally yesterday he said.
Yeah.
brilliant, do n't drop it.
Yeah we've had a, we've had a plant over, we do n't want the champagne over.
No because it goes, it goes too hard.
I can smell something.
Off his painkillers, my God.
She always cooks it in the plastic bag though.
It's been washed out.
have n't you watched her doing it.
this morning, have you seen Paula doing it this morning?
She's been cleaning it out.
It's alright, she wo n't let you catch anything.
Oh.
for the guinea pigs let's go and see how Paul's doing.
It's brilliant news I think he's gon na be home very, very soon now.
very soon.
Once this biopsy's cleared, he's off his painkillers, they, they were his big drugs were n't they?
They've got, they've got his bowels going.
Well I think.
he might be home tomorrow you know.
well that's today, once, once they've cleared that.
is there any need then to keep him in?
yeah.
how many times has he, has he done this to us now?
Over the years.
Keeps you on his toes.
Mm.
well I'll give you a hand, give you a hand.
Yeah.
Yeah.
His son was there you said.
Who is Peter?
mm.
I can do, I can cope with that, you're alright, here.
What, what, what was that one then?
Oh in the.
How many men were buried in that with him though?
Lost his what?
His, his eyes?
How young was he?
In his thirties?
Forties.
Yeah.
Yeah.
How, low long ago is it then, the, the accident?
Three years.
it's more than three years.
you've been down here two have n't you?
So.
I bet it's, no, I bet it's more than that.
and they have n't had the compensation yet?
None of them?
Did father get any compensation?
not much.
not much.
Oh no, no, if he's fit, you should n't of.
no, come on.
No it was lime not concrete.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Irish?
The.
Which Irish, is that a company or something?
Yeah.
Oh.
Yeah.
Oh yes, yeah.
Typical, yeah.
Yeah.
But it was a take on site then or was it, what was it?
was it, it was the was it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh my God, hmm.
Oh my God.
Oh.
Mm.
Yeah.
So did the Pontius Pilate bit yeah.
And he's got no sight at all.
or his.
That's good of them.
Yeah.
Promotion.
Yeah.
Yes, got.
When did your dad have that accident Paula at er, you know with the lime?
Well, your, your mum's been down here two years has n't she?
I'll ask father.
it was way back.
One of, they have n't paid any compensation out.
Still?
What being buried?
Buried him alive.
What cover himself up?
What when he was asleep or when he was.
During the day?
Oh my God, I did n't realize that.
why do n't er what cowing?
That's possibly what?
What when he's on the drugs, some of these painkillers?
He's get he's reliving this.
this burying alive.
It all comes back.
Yeah.
He stuffed them all down his mouth and his nose, all his hankies?
To stop the lime, the dust getting in, yeah.
Ah.
and the others did n't?
You could of copied that.
Mm.
But he did more than choke if he, if he inhaled erm, lime.
it burns your lungs does n't it?
Ha and that finished him off completely wo n't it?
In the hospital?
Yeah.
the shock.
the shock hit him.
But you know, when you said there's been no damage to him then, physical damage there has n't has there?
But psychological damage.
I did n't, I did n't realize he was.
he came home and he cowed.
How long's that?
A cou couple of weeks?
God, I did n't realize this Paula.
Your mum's telling.
No, no, about your dad when he came home.
you know from dad's, when the lime went.
be sitting in the chair wide awake and suddenly cowed and cover himself up.
he's wide awake for no reason, crying for weeks afterwards.
Why?
Did you, did you know it though?
Oh yes, yes.
Mm, mm.
Mm.
And relax.
relax and release himself.
My God.
I did n't know that.
He keeps saying it's the same one.
No I wo n't do.
Mm.
Same one, same one coming back.
Yeah.
yeah.
Mm.
yeah, but your eyes are changing all the time, so you, you should go back and have them tested regularly should n't you?
Does he have to pay for it now?
Really?
Mm.
Then you can get it free.
You should n't have to pay anyway should you?
Basic thing like your sight.
Yeah, but, but.
Oh yeah, yeah.
No, but it's.
Come out quietly, yeah.
Oh yeah, I, but I did n't realize you know with him the old man, the toughy, yeah.
No but he, he does put out.
out that air does n't he, that sort of.
nothing gets to me.
But he does do that does n't he?
In everything.
Yeah.
Mm, yeah.
Oh God, see what Paul's doing, if he's up.
where's Paul?
doing what?
Is that f is that our lunch, dinner?
What, is that for tonight or.
will we be having this?
We're having it hot.
Right so if we get down to the hospital this afternoon.
Mr would of seen him this morning.
so we'll get down this afternoon then, alright, fair enough at least we know what we're doing now Your bedroom's a tip.
What you doing?
Maths, it looks like English.
That's about your name at the top.
yeah.
italic, purple.
upper case.
Why does n't it just, put it in upper case then?
Oh that's how it looks.
that's more difficult to read then is n't it?
Mind you, you've got all your enters in there have n't you?
Yeah and you've got all these what, what are those Ts at the side?
On the screen.
You got what?
A tab stop, what does that do?
what does it do a tab stop?
Ener yeah, energy yeah.
Right, yes.
Yeah.
ad that's what the tab stop does?
Mm, mm.
What about vitamin C?
There is n't one.
and the one after fat, yes, yeah.
yeah.
What happens if you want to edit it and you've got tabs in, does it make it more difficult?
Does it throw, throw things out of line?
Just to remember, remind you?
Does it print it?
So can, can.
sorry can you have your tab stops on?
You know like you can have your enters in.
but not showing your tabs, not showing those Ts, but there, can you put them on and off?
On the screen.
That's it, it's gone, yeah.
Has it moved everything in?
It looks different oh press them again, put them in.
Oh I, what have you done?
There.
I do n't know it looks different does n't it?
have you?
No, it just look different when you took them off.
What turns them on and off?
Alt F four, yeah.
I do n't know Tony.
Yeah.
control F seven.
Well you've saved it have n't you?
What you lost?
What have you lost Ton?
take your time, take your time, do n't panic.
you have n't lost it.
What have you lost?
You've lost your headings, or the, or the work itself?
How?
Had you saved it?
Well it ca n't of.
well how can it lose it, if it's saved it?
Ca n't you get it back?
Take your time, take your time, do n't get annoyed with it.
it, it's done a backup, yeah?
Well do n't lose this then.
Try it and see what happens there we are, well done.
go is it there?
It's not there?
What about your options no?
Is it there?
Calm down.
if you've saved it Ton it's got, it's got to be in there has n't it?
Just a minute.
Mr who's he?
Erm.
oh yes, well he said he'd phone us Paula.
Have you got it back?
It was there all the time?
You poor thing.
What's it got rid of?
See you panicked then did n't you, ah?
Yeah but you panicked did n't you?
Oh.
what down, all down that side?
So if you put the Ts back, if you put the tab sign back on it brings all those vitamin Cs, fibres and fats up as well.
really?
That's a weakness that is n't it?
that's good, I like that.
subconsciously been misspelt go back to that, you're showing.
some cracking spellings in here.
where's, where's that subconsciously?
There.
That's subconsciously Tony.
Do you want me to go through this for spellings?
Balanced God lad.
does this have a spell check on it?
God, there's some great spellings in here.
Pardon?
Have you picked up that plant?
Yes.
you wan na grow up a bit you know, how old are you?
well.
what was?
Zombies.
Try it.
No.
that's what you've just spelt.
Yeah, ca n't find it, it wo n't be found either Tony.
That's right, the C O N part's right, conscious objector.
that's right, you're closer.
conscious, okay go on then.
go on, try it, try it see what happens.
That's conscience yeah, but where's conscious?
See the first what, two, fi first five letters.
of conscience, you want conscious, well you can go up to the I and then it's conscious, you've got conscience, conscious.
freebie, another freebie.
So what's the name of the business?
T Trading.
Oh it's gone into that computer now.
You're wheezing again.
Necessary.
you wan na see the spellings in here, you want to leave them in Ton.
it'll give somebody a good laugh.
necessary, necessary.
like knife, yeah and scissors.
Necessary, necessary.
N E C it's not double C.
it's not double, your mother's worse than you neces.
You, it's coming now, is n't it?
Yes.
that's alright, it'll find that.
It's close, there you are.
Oh God have you seen it, you, you want to see balance as well.
Oh it's at Tony's.
Roughage, oh God.
no leave him, leave him, leave him.
easier.
you've got a letter too many there, can you see it?
Balance, what, the E's wrong in the middle.
What's that?
Break time, that's okay, break time.
Questionnaires, there you are, you've got it there possibilities, that's okay.
It is.
Consuming, what have you got in there?
Double M?
Else, else's.
Randomly, it's not clever at all.
Yes, it's just looking for certain letter groups.
and if you start with three or four letters in.
Have you got balance now?
Healthy sensible eating has reached, has reached finic.
Have you read through it?
You should read through it every so often.
in this, as more and more people become concerned with their health and the effect of what they eat has on it I'd think about your English in that and how you put it together, that there sentence.
And that's your introduction the first sentence that somebody's going to read, yeah?
Okay, health conscience, not, it is n't health conscience people, it's health conscious people.
You're conscious of your health not conscience of your health health conscious.
Fourth line down, first word.
that's it, try do it, blow your nose rather than sniffle please, balanced diet in order to provide their bodies with enough.
But not too much ingredients, essential for some of the most necessary substances for a healthy life include have you got whisky in here as well?
Healthy substances for a healthy life, you're very good on the, is it, is it the protein he's good on?
Too much vitamin C.
I wonder if it makes your brain go doolally though.
Supposed to innit, yeah, they did a study on that did n't they?
They fed these children with these tablets that would make them go and the parents were rushing out and buying tablets to make the children intel the children intelligent.
Just imagine that for, taking half a dozen before you going into Mr's geography lesson.
I'm glad you are.
Not with an audience right, go on.
True.
Watch your toes.
It's pirated is it, oh God.
What's that?
Yeah, tomorrow.
Manana.
Those curtains in there Paula the side, you know that track I repaired the other night.
it's gon na come down again, the we cos you're stacking stuff against it.
But did you notice?
It's fallen against it, it's gon na rip it down again.
Yeah, draw the curtains back.
It's like an oven in there.
What about them?
Yeah.
Why not?
Yeah.
Really?
Who's beach huts are they?
The people whose they are?
Or do they rent them off the Council or what?
So the Council are saying although it's yours, the hut's yours, the land is ours.
we want a say in whoever has these.
not, not the price that they go at.
So who's handling the sale then the Council or est cos I've seen these things.
in estate agents.
have you?
Yeah.
Yes.
Of buying it from you.
and then they sell it on?
They've got to make some money out of that have n't they?
Otherwise it's costing you lot over at Southwold a lot of money.
I do n't blame them.
Yeah there's that side to it.
Yeah.
Mm.
Yeah.
except in your own garden.
it's your property, it's your land it's.
Whereas down at the erm.
down at the erm seaside it belongs to the Council.
Yeah, what a pity.
What's it saying in the paper then about it?
Has, it just a report or is it a comment?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I thought, I though Southwold Council was a Conservative Council.
Ah is it Waveney Council that's decided it?
District.
Ha, yet the Southwold Parish Council, I've seen it in there, er there's been a some vandalism on the golf course, you know on the common and er.
Yeah it's in there somewhere, and they're complaining, you know the people who play golf, the golf club are complaining, and the, the Council are saying it's the Southwold Council, so maybe it's the Parish Council, they're saying that er yes it's our responsibility this club and we must look after it and we must find the culprits and so on, it's in there somewhere cos I read it this morning.
cos it happened over the weekend digging up holes in the erm in the golf course.
Yes it's er, I'm sure it's in there somewhere yeah I wonder what will happen then with the beach huts it could be it could be that you've got to get the, you can still sell them private but, and the Council will, will just say yes or no.
Right.
You see, with all their beach huts all the way along the coast, is that, or is it Southwold that they're doing it with?
That strip.
yeah.
Yes when the cliffs, when the cliffs collapsed, yeah.
Although they own that bit.
or are responsible for it.
Yeah.
Mm.
Mm.
but there's, there's a.
a village is n't there really, a small town a village.
Mm, mm.
Yeah, but again there is, there are more houses at Walberswick than there were at East Bra is it Bravance or Badance?
Eastern Bramont yeah.
Mm, yeah, yeah they're on about erm, below erm, not Thorpeness, where's the one with the, Orford is n't it, Orford castle.
there's the farmland below the castle you know going towards erm Felixstowe that way, they say the land down there, the farm, that low-lying farmland is very susceptible to flooding and the coast is being eroded.
oh they are, is it our Poll Tax?
What have you got?
Go on then.
What've you got?
yeah.
Two hundred and forty seven a head?
Per head, yeah.
that's cheaper than our rates.
I feel sorry for these old folk who are over here though, on the other side of the road, two forty seven for them.
That's what's wrong with it though, is n't it?
Mind you there again it's cheaper than it should be because we're paying it on VAT, you know, it, er, they must think we're fools.
Well there's a general election coming up, it's a Tory Council, they're not gon na raise it as, as high as they possibly can are they?
But you're paying for it in your tax, you you'd paid a whopping subsidy on it, it's a big con.
Well that was, well it should've gone up from that, what did they do with the VAT stuck two and a half percent on it and said there you are we're gon na hold the Poll Tax down, how?
By making you pay more on your VAT, so we can knock the Poll Tax bills down, you're still paying for the damn stuff, ah, ha.
why do n't this country wake up?
I do n't know what's happened today I think it's, they've run out of.
out of ink, yeah.
Yeah it must of been a few they'd got through.
It's the biggest con that Poll Tax thing go er the amount going down that this lot have pulled on us and everybody's fell for it hook, line and sinker.
ha.
Look, if, if somebody charges you three hundred pound, and you say that's too much and you complain and they knock it down to two fifty, but they say but we want you to pay fifty pounds on something else, extra, do you think the two fifty's fair, eh?
No, well that's all they've done.
there's about six erm, six sheets in it ai n't there?
There er, more like ghost printing.
Sounds like Marks and Spencers there.
forty nine pounds, ninety nine.
Yeah, we wo n't charge you a pound for this we'll charge you nineteen and eleven.
it's under ten pound, yeah nine pounds ninety nine.
Yeah.
But was it Woolworths or Marks who had that little slogan, was it, nothing, not a was it not a penny, nothing more than a penny or not a thruppence.
Yeah go on.
Sixpence a bucket.
Mm.
Woolworths for sixpence.
and could've gone round the corner for.
See there's, there's the con again you see, it's the same thing, you can convince people they're do they're doing brilliantly and charge them more.
Well Marks and Spencers look at.
Do you ever see a price in Marks and Spencers that does n't have ninety nine P on the end of it?
It must cost them more in time in getting that penny out you know.
till yeah, crazy, well look at the erm, the price of sugar the other day you were talking about that, what was it, fifty odd P?
And in the supermarket it's what about?
Sixty eight, yeah, and that's a corner shop.
you go to the big supermarkets.
and you think it's gon na be cheaper, it's got ta be cheaper because it's wherever.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well the supermarkets do the same thing do n't they?
Loss, loss leaders or if they're not loss leaders they're very low are n't they?
But when you think if you go to your corner shop and you, you do n't want a lot it's cheaper to go there than to get in a car.
spend your money on petrol, pollute the place.
That's the, that's their weakness is n't it?
Yeah, mm.
Yeah.
They've got the erm, that mobile shop that comes round here.
Have n't you seen it?
The blue one, from Debenham, and you can phone your order through.
ready boxed up for you.
so you can do that with him, so if you're not too well you know like.
say if it was yourself and father who both were n't well, he would, if you just pick up the phone and say, I'm running short can I have a b b and he, he brings it round, like you know, j j.
I can remember my mum when, when I was little, she used to have a book, a shopping book and she used to write in it.
what she wanted from the shops, it was like erm a thick notebook did you.
ever have anything?
Did, is that right?
And prices at the side.
and she knew.
Oh no she would n't of, no did n't have that, no.
Yeah.
Aye.
She used to hand it in at the counter, this.
book, she wrote a list out what she wanted, she used to hand it, I remember, I'd forgotten all about this, let's just say we were at the Co-Op, she'd hand it in at the counter so the, the groceries counter all, and she'd written it all out, and when it came back it was, was five minutes, it was all together for you, there it was, it was built up on the counter, and each time the amount was written at the side so.
that sort of predates this er till slip, this till roll you get.
do n't it?
But she, she knew.
what she was getting at, she knew exactly what she was shopping for, she went into that shop, there was the list, it was handed in, I bet it took her less time to shop then, than it did later when she went shopping with a vague idea well I must n't forget this, I must n't forget that, but then the wandering around sort of oh that looks nice and I fancy that.
Yeah.
Mm.
Mm, mm.
But people still shopped at different shops?
Well, well why, well why would you choose.
to shop at that particular shop rather than.
that one?
But not everybody shopped at the Co-Op did they?
Yeah most people did, yeah, but not everybody.
My mum used to say such thing as like you know bacon's better from.
from such a place rather than such a place.
so it was, she knew you know.
You knew him and he knew you.
Mm, yeah.
But he was also a family butcher and he served the family did n't he?
Yeah, er we used to go to certain ones that's right.
It's amazing how much you forget is n't it this, the supermarkets know, you just go, you pick it up, you stick it in your trolley and move on you pick it up, you stick it.
there's, there's no se there's no erm.
there's no service is there?
None at all.
Mm.
Yeah.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
What shop was that?
Debenhams, well you see, are they really trained for, for those.
little departments within the store those people or just put on.
Yeah.
that's right.
but that's not just because somebody was away for their dinner, it's, if that person was back from their dinner.
they most likely would n't be able to give you the help as well, they're just placed on.
these particular department little sh.
Yeah.
Mm.
Mm.
But do you ever see bolsters sold now?
Peo.
Where at?
Yeah so if they're still selling bolster cases I wonder if they're still selling bolsters somewhere?
Mm.
Yeah, true, true, true.
No.
When I was er, you know this Saturday morning work and weekend you know this weekend, but not Saturday morning this weekend work and holiday work at a tailors in Runcorn, the manager of that shop, gentleman's outfitters right, the manager of that shop, there's two other men worked in there full time and myself at holidays and weekends or if they were on holiday you'd have to work, you know, the erm to cover one of those and he, the manager was brought up, he's, brought up, his training was in Liverpool, in tailors where they, a man would produce a suit for somebody.
you know you'd produced the shirt but produce er, and there would be lots and lots and lots of these people, these very skilled men.
all working in their own little houses sort of they looked liked houses but in fact they were little workshops.
I remember once, yeah it was like that, yeah that's right, not one, but a few times I used to get on the train from Runcorn to Liverpool, I had an address to go to in Liverpool, rough directions how to get there, to pick up a suit or to pick up a fitting, you know you'd get the, the different.
stages of fitting.
oh yeah, all that, you know all the.
That's right, that's right.
well the slight adjustment so to get it, get it right, that's what you're paid for and he's, that's where he was, that's where he was brought up in the trade, and he could take a piece of cloth in his hands, he had rolls of cloth, and he said that was made such a way, the quality of this cloth is because and that.
socks the same.
exactly the same with socks, the blend of wool or nylon, er, just pure wool or nylon or whatever whether it's cotton in it, all these things type of shirts and that, the strengths of the cloths feeling it, telling you that'll wash well that'll last.
that is worth that money.
and that's a bargain, and se you know these reps would come round selling this that and the other and if, you could only see samples after, would n't touch it with a barge pole like you know, yeah I'll have that, that's all but that's because he had a good grounding.
now he passed that on, that had, sort of knowledge on through the people in the shop okay, if you, soon as that link gets broken and you go into a shop something like erm Burtons okay, big retail shop like Burtons, you go in there you'll have a manager in there and assistants and so on, but their background knowledge has nothing to do with tailoring, nothing at all.
so you can go to them and ask them for advice and they ca n't give it, because there's not that link back to where you know.
Yeah.
Yeah.
oh yes, yeah, I remember that, yeah.
I'd forgotten about that.
Fifty shilling tailors.
nothing more than fifty shillings.
Yeah.
A good quality one.
and it would be as well.
Yeah it's a week's wage now.
Mm.
But now you see you've got these big.
these big retail shops.
these, you know these national thing, all that they're interested in from that manager of that shop is how much did you sell that week.
just pure inset, and just headquarters, that's all they're interested in, not whether he knows his job or not, not whether he could give advice because he has no control over whatever comes into that shop, he does n't decide we're not having these T-shirts in or, or we're not having these suits in because really they're a load of rubbish, headquarters decides it, all he does is put a nice little display out, usually, and it's shown how to do it by headquarters and so on, these people come round and show them what to do and so on, do all that, in fact he's as much expertise in there as I have or you have, anybody could literally with a bit of training in the company way of doing things.
take on that job, you do n't have to be erm somebody who has knowledge about cloth, about way, the way things are made, the sewing, alright, how close it's sewn to the edge.
yeah, things like that.
Oh I do n't know.
not all, there's still a fair amount.
Oh yeah.
still there, there is n't, there is n't as much as there used to be, but some are fair amount.
That's it.
it, it did n't matter did it?
No, that's what I'm saying.
and.
if you'd of gone to them for advice and say which is the better buy, which will was wash better and why, you know, I want I want.
this particular thing, they'd be, they'd be flummoxed.
Yeah and convince you, if you pay more for it, it must be better, and it, that is n't always true either, usually is but not always.
Mm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So they were waiting.
Getting low.
Yeah.
he walked out the door, he's forgotten.
Yeah.
Yeah, do you think it still happens?
It happened with us, when we borrowed money to pay for this car, finished it off now, the bank, oh the letters they send you, about three months before you're about to finish paying, I am an esteemed and valued customer you know and all that crap.
oh God did he.
They do n't esteem you, you're not valued.
you're, you're just a number on a damn computer but they crack on.
as if you were something, somebody very special and again it's a big con and it, they must think people fall for this.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I give you a good example of that, erm, well not how easy it is, not on that, but how easy it is to get money without having the money, okay, Tony wants that, the computer.
and we wanted to get it through Access, and the credit limit on Access was what was it a thousand?
Something like that, trying to remember now what it was, sixteen hundred, sixteen hundred that was it and it says your credit limit is sixteen, sixteen, you could spend up to sixteen hundred pounds, whether you got it or not you can spend it, so we said if we're gon na get this computer because you get these Air Miles out of it, you know, every ten pounds you get an Air Mile, well if he's getting a computer over a thousand pounds you know with all the paraphernalia that goes with it, well that's a lot of Air Miles there, well we said we'll get it through Access, but there is n't, our credit limit on Access is n't enough to pay for the computer, sixteen hundred it's more than sixteen hundred, in, in the long, once he's got his printer and God knows what you know, so I phoned them up and he said erm is it possible to adjust the limit upwards?
Oh yes we said well what's the limit?
Well they said what do you want it to be oh God, I ca n't, there you are it's as, it's as easy as that, it's as easy as that.
About electricity?
Yeah.
Yeah.
storage heaters, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
That's got nothing to do with it.
and warm.
and warm.
I do n't know Paul.
You can burn it.
I do n't know Paul, it's erm, ask Tony he's the one who'd of put it away, have you asked him?
Close the door please.
Yeah.
Yeah they, they're telling you one part of the story.
and they forget to tell you that once upon a time does n't always have a nice ending, yeah.
Mm.
Yeah, but they're also forgetting as well it is n't just the maintenance that it's a long term commitment to paying.
back money.
twenty, fifteen, whatever years, whatever years, and in that time you've got to be pretty sure that you can do that.
that your job is secure, yeah that you.
Nobody's job is secure, but some jobs are more secure, have always been more secure than others and if you've been, as some of them have been relying on overtime.
and the building societies.
this, will, oh the second job.
and the building societies at one time would not take overtime into account, but in the eighties oh my God, you know, how much, oh have as much as you want.
but they took all that, they took overtime into account, now as you ca n't guarantee overtime, you ca n't actually guarantee your basic wage.
but of the two you ca n't, you ca n't have a ba you ca n't have no basic wage and only overtime.
yeah, one will always be there if you've got, if, if you've got a job, the other one is very iffy and yet they were lending money to people who right, right, rightly in their minds have, and as Maggie T said oh yes go on, go, yeah, independence and all that, erm they were going out, never having done it before, no tradition in, in maybe in their family of doing it before, got this goal this sort of Disney World ideal you know erm, sort of make believe world who are we gon na be and we're gon na be dreaming the dream, the dream.
Yeah, like the electricity, but your chickens come home to roost when your overtime goes, when your job goes and you take on a commitment and they never, the last ten, fifteen, twenty, twenty five years and they've never ever, ever taken on a commitment like that before, when it's presented with just the roses around it, everything's sweetness and light and roses and the other side is n't really put, put to you, think of the worse scenario, you're out of a job, what can you do?
Can you keep it going?
In that case could you keep it going for a while if you're out of a job?
What limit of borrowing should you be borrowing to?
I know accountants say borrow to your top limit because of tax purposes, but they're talking about people who've.
so much money you know, they've, they've got to erm.
they've got to spend.
Do you know how much it was when we got our first house, just before we were married, it was n't two and a half times your salary, it was one and a half times our salary.
and one salary.
That was, that was the realism of life was n't it?
That your marriage, one your marriage could break up.
two, even though you're both working you ca n't guarantee that both will continue to work, it's taking it to a real, a realistic level.
Right, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
but this is, this is the way of, values of of.
the place of the moment, at the moment is n't it?
That bricks, mortar, tellies, carpets and God knows what.
rat matter more than people.
it seems to be.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
It would cost them less than two hundred pounds a week.
that's right this is the meanest of it.
this is the meanest, you get into the system of the, of the legality of it, the, the er, thes these people who lend money where we want our money back.
we want it there, we want this guarantee, it's, it's a bit s it's sort of well.
it's a bit Shylockish, we want our pound of flesh at the end of this day, now that, the fact that the cost of that pound of flesh will cost you more than this two hundred pound a week.
cost you far more getting it like that than saying we'll support you.
it's, it really is a bit Shylockish.
Mm.
Mm, mm.
Yeah.
Hold on, it's not people who've got spare money, it's people who.
who've got plenty of cash, always will have as well and this is, this is the unfortunate part, this, this is the sinister part of it really, because the people who've scratted around and have suffered.
borrowed up to the hilt, they, they, their er, I, what should I say, their erm unfortunate circumstances.
are benefitting people who do n't have to, never had to scrat around.
they actually they had, the poor.
if you look at it one way are subsidising the very rich.
the very, the ones who've got so much money they could and they're buying up things as a result of somebody's misery at a way lower price than it should be bought for.
and they're doing it again and again and again, it suits them, it suits the ones that are really rich to have ordinary people struggling like that and it suits them not to have that two hundred pounds a week going in to help those people and they're the people who it suits who will decide whether that two hundred pounds a week goes to help on the mortgage or put them into what is it, a bed and, a bed and breakfast?
So if it, if it look at it like that, these people are benefitting ho again and again, time and again and again out of some, out of somebody's.
misfortune, and yet, and yet the cost of putting them into a bed and breakfast would stop those people's houses going on the market and it would stop those people who are benefitting from it, from benefitting from it.
They're parasites are n't they?
Yeah so.
the rest of us.
are subsidizing the rich to buy houses that are becoming cheaper onto the market.
so we're all helping the rich to become richer.
because these poor sods ca n't pay off the mortgage.
It suits them.
not to let them get out of the pov that's what I'm saying, it suits them because they can buy up property much cheaper than if that two hundred pounds a week that's being spent on bed and breakfast, that, they were spent on helping them with the problems as they are at the moment.
It's crazy, it's crazy, if only people again'd sit back and look at it and see exactly what's happening, rather than saying it serves them right, they should n't of done this, they should n't of got themselves into that position they're in that position.
they're in that position, it's gon na cost us to get out, cost us to get them out of it and they can go out into a bed and breakfast or they can stay in the house.
That's right.
but to start with they should n't of borrowed to the limit they were borrowing.
That's building societies, yeah.
Mm.
Mm.
Or, one of them, or one of them.
or one and a quarter or one and a half or whatever.
Mm.
Mm.
That's right.
These people who are buying up houses now so cheaply from these, you know from these repossessions.
they must rub their hands together you know when these booms are going, you know, oh as much money as you want.
because they must know what's gon na happen when they, you know, when the cows come home, they must know when the chickens come home to roost they must know what's gon na happen.
that there are gon na be so many thousands of people in a right mess and they're.
gon na pick up cheap pickings, they're gon na go round like the vultures, just taking it and taking it.
Right.
What's reasonable?
Ha.
reasonable to whom?
When the Council houses were sold, a lot of money went into the, went into the Council.
yeah.
and they're not allowed to spend it, that's the craziest thing of all but housing associations can build houses, but Councils ca n't.
or they can but a tiny amount, it's this sort of dogma, this blind faith, has put commonsense right out of the window completely out the window.
it's.
How they work?
Well the government subsidizes them a lot for, for a start and it's, again it's the government, the philosophy of the gover of a government either subsidize something or it does n't, does n't it, and it subsidizes what it.
wants to be a success, it did, it takes the subsidy away from.
something that it, either it is successful in itself and it no, no longer needs to be subsidized or something that they want to see go to the wall, if they want to see something going to the wall, it.
I do n't know exactly the.
the ins and outs of them, but there's a lot of government input into it, there's a lot of government help in there, a lot.
and it's, it's the philosophy that people will stand on their own two feet and own.
and own their own houses.
which is a good philosophy.
alright, alright.
Yeah.
You're a fat board.
yeah.
Oh it's not a case of putting the world to rights I'm looking for this bacon.
Got it, got it.
it's only two pieces.
Paula.
Paula.
it's only two pieces of bacon.
It's on it, oh, thought you said put it on it oh God.
Up, not on the pillows but actually sitting up as if he was.
Bolt upright, yes, fast asleep and then he'd move his hands.
erm, do you know like erm in meditation people, when they're meditating and their minds are away and, and the bodies are calm and relaxed, it was like that then, then he'd.
go back into his sleep.
and then he woke up, his, his eyes opened from this, he was actually asleep and his, he woke up from it, not with a start, but the, it's, he woke up very quickly, instantly and he just started to do things.
Oh well in his seventies, touching eighty.
I think so if not he's in his high fifties.
his high fifties and he's very old, young.
Paul, erm he was his wife was there and his dad he went for a bath for a walk, a walk around.
Yes, yeah.
he's, erm.
I think so, yes.
Yeah it's erm.
Well she's got something wrong with her legs has n't she?
Yeah.
Which was that one?
Oh yes at the end, yes, yes.
Anything else need going on?
About half an hour off the potatoes, you do n't want the sprouts on just yet, do you?
I'll get those out.
What time did the chicken go on Paula?
it's ten past now, ten past twelve.
about ten o'clock, half ten.
It was eleven, about half ten, it's been in an hour and a half.
is that enough?
No, I'll just go to the freezer.
what's that?
They're the tops of paint pots, you put the.
you put the plastic pot on the bottom, that on the top and so long.
Ha, they're dirty.
They're dirty, and so long as you erm fill your paint pots up so the water in the pot is below, below that, if you tip it over it does n't spill.
That's the theory.
the practice is a bit different How long do the sprouts take in the microwave Paula?
How long do the sprouts take in the microwave?
Twelve minutes?
That's too much, yeah spilling the peas all over the place here.
A good drying day is n't it?
Yeah.
What's that?
Nah I think Paula might hit the roof if you start ironing.
Well he does n't need them today.
No pyjamas?
How many pairs of pyjamas has he got?
Paula, Paula says hundreds.
In the socket in the wall you can plug in.
Mind yourself.
Well do it, see the light there, the that thing.
I'll, I'll put it up for you.
which way do you want it?
Do n't pull it out like that, pull it straight out, do n't wiggle it.
You watch.
watch, oh missus.
just pull it straight out, if you do that to it.
you'll wreck it, never mind good God.
that's true, you're a what?
I can see.
A Uri Geler.
well if you do that to it, to something, no wonder, is that the right way round for you?
Which way you ironing?
Where you gon na stand oh yeah.
Do you want them on st do you want it on steam?
How dry are they?
Are they too dry?
Are you sure?
What d'ya buy, are they cotton?
Are they cotton?
Are they cotton?
Great.
they are.
it's not hot yet, give it a chance.
still warming up, oh God.
Ha do n't bother ironing them then.
yeah.
I think that's been worrying him more than anything else you know.
Well they said it was, cos his bowels were n't moving and that.
he said that's, and yet he says now they're moving but, by themselves he does n't need any, any anememas or enemas or whatever.
yeah, what she done with them?
You've not thrown them away have you?
The peelings, the erm, what you call it the sprouts.
they love those.
I think it's a bit late now.
Right, have plenty of peas there are n't there?
I thought so what needs doing?
I fancy a cup of tea It's a crack it's a cracking day is n't it?
are you getting out there?
Get the, get the grass cut.
get the grass cut, what the heck is, oh I see it.
When you going down to the hospital this afternoon or tonight?
well look in that case I'll do this afternoon okay?
yeah.
Oh you broke that, sprung that one on us.
Well I, he'll only just be getting in from work.
Well erm, at half past six Paula he'll be in the middle of his tea, you've got to give the guy a chance to turn round try to suit you, but think of him, he's just getting in from work and boom.
well get that done what else have you got to do?
I forgot, right well get yourself in there.
Well this, wo n't be an hour yet will it before this is ready?
oh no it's not ready yet, leave it on.
Oh the bacon's alright, you do n't want it dried up, hate dried bacon.
right off you go, go on, clear off you okay?
is this all the ironing there is?
I'll do those trousers then.
What about these jeans have you checked those?
Oh.
Right.
I'll ask her.
might as well now while it's, the weather's as good as this, Paula, Paula.
do you want another wash done again?
You might as well seeing the weather's as good as this oh yeah.
all this lot.
do this four one.
on an economy right, what else, what's in the basket?
Are you sure?
but there's a shirt in there.
A striped shirt?
Well it's, a bit crazy if you've got ta a shirt, is it one of mine?
Yeah but it does n't say hand wash it.
Where does it say that?
Hand wash, hand hot, four, machine fifty.
That one is n't, that's Tony's, yeah, er mine I'm not bothered about those.
right, I'll leave you to it.
call you down for t dinner when it's ready.
Like a cup of tea would you?
Do you want it stirred clockwise or anti-clockwise?
Right.
can I just get to the washer?
Alright, you're alright that's plenty, plenty.
Ah it's a bit daft not to, is n't it really?
they iron better you know if they go out.
That's right.
It's good when you put them in, if you put them in a tumble dryer.
that helps them, but if you put them on radiators and God knows what round the house trying to keep them, get them dry.
Yeah true, true, true.
Oh yeah.
well not really stick, stick them in a tumble dryer if you're lucky depends how much money you've got.
What's that?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Steam from what?
Yeah.
Into the vent?
what make is it?
A foreign.
Is on its what?
Oh it's only the return spring on it, there's nothing wrong with the dryer.
Ah there's donkey's years in that yet, oh God.
No, there's nothing.
Yeah, nothing wrong with that.
Well you see when you turn that you see turn, turn your control.
and it's set and it should click back should n't it slowly?
It does that, so there's a.
return spring gone on it that's all.
get in the top of it one day.
nah, nothing wrong with that, it dries them, dries them beautifully.
Well done Paula she's used all the hot water.
Had a bath.
Yeah well if, it's a stupid way of doing it when you've got a boiler that's heating up, you can just wait on a bit.
Yeah, it's an expensive way of of doing it anyway.
I can set it up.
economy wash.
Oh yeah.
oh I could n't agree with you more, that's plenty.
yeah you catch enough wind there do n't you?
Same as this, this catches a lovely.
Will be once that hedge gets up.
You notice how the Pyracantha are there.
these, this little group here are different from all the others.
different breed, different variety.
Which one the.
the beech.
that was already in I was gon na.
Yeah, oh yeah, that's gon na look good that when we, when we get it to something like.
when it fills out.
Pyracantha, about four years now.
Yeah, well we will do once we'll get them to the height we want we'll start trimming them and they'll bush out a bit more, that's not bad they're about four, four or five foot now are n't they?
Well you've got your hedge trimmer have n't you?
So you've got the tool to keep it.
to keep it under control.
No, but you've got the tool I'm saying to keep it under control.
No.
See these, this type of thing, this er Pyracantha, the reason why you've go that, it's evergreen.
its thorns, it's got thorns in it so it stops.
any well anybody can.
deters, deters them.
you've got some, you've got flowers on it, wh those white flowers and then you get those lovely red berries.
so you've got a mix of everything in it.
it's an ideal thing.
Erm, a nursery up, going towards Norwich on the A one forty.
and he just got them in, real, there's a.
there's a better one now, you know, er where we found out, you know where we got the Laurels from at the other side?
Well they are erm, we got those from a place the other side of Ipswich on the Shotley peninsula, I think it says Paul Doubleday in, name of the nursery and that's a genuine nursery, not some of these pretending to be a nursery in a garden centre, he se he grows stuff to sell to Councils and you know big organizations.
Cracking plants really good ones, and alright, they're not, they're not the cheapest in the world, but you get quality plants.
I suppose if you're buying by the thousands the price'd come down a lot, but when we were only buying about, you know, forty odd plants.
Oh yeah, well you could plant it yourself could n't you?
Yeah.
but it, that, that's okay providing in the winter, you have n't got some of it that's evergreen and some of it that you, you know, then you've got to hedge it's.
and mish-mash in the winter.
Mm.
What it does.
Yeah.
When did she move in?
Yeah but when did she move in though?
Mm, mm.
Mm, mm.
True very true.
Mm.
Well it's not, it's not a bad hedge and it's now starting to get you know.
a, a good growth on it.
Concrete the lot.
paint it green.
There's no way that's gon na happen now is it?
No way.
And he got Paul down for that, Paul and Tony and myself.
he'd of done that you see, all the.
grubbing out.
It's a is n't it mainly?
Bits of other things in that.
Oh yeah.
Mm.
Mm, mm.
you're doing a good job here are n't you?
Keep going, that one now.
Bought them yesterday?
And you've washed them?
Oh he will be pleased he'll think it's his birthday.
Pyjamas.
He wo n't be annoyed.
he does n't get annoyed father does he?
No.
well he ca n't.
Where you get off at?
Debdens.
Well.
has n't, has n't everybody got a sale on?
Made in Hong Kong, brilliant.
yeah, yeah.
Hong Kong.
Yeah.
I've not seen that, right do you want a cup of tea?
You sure?
Well it's gon na be a long time off that yet, another half an hour.
ha, be a devil.
Celebrate with a cup of tea, that's not bad do you want a strong cup or a weak one?
A strong one, you're really celebrating are you?
There you are, you can stand your spoon up in that.
go on then why, how can you tell that?
Why not?
No.
I, are, it's on your heat.
Take them back to Hong Kong.
right.
Who sang that?
I'd like to get you on a slow boat to China?
Who was it?
Who sang it?
What's his name, ooh cup of tea, have you finished it yet?
Ah?
Have I hell ah going through the diary now, it's at that stage, enjoy it?
oh, oh oops push your chair in a bit, how's it going?
Are you out there?
Just pull the mike out.
crash, bang, wallop, gone what they did for work today a little bit of exercise, desk work a lot of exercise, exercise.
Do you spell roughage like that?
Put it back to fibre, go back to your bit on fibre.
a section on.
Yeah.
It just does n't look right.
Where is it?
I suppose it's got ta be has n't it, when you think about it.
Yeah.
Do you want me to check your spellings for you?
Yeah, put your speech marks round it now.
okay, put your speech marks round it, I take it all back then I said about that, it just did n't look right.
Do you want me to check spellings for you?
I thought you'd done that.
Have you had any more problems with it?
You did n't, ha did n't.
yes that's okay.
Vegetables think of vegetable.
that's it.
con that's convenience, convenience.
par paricipate.
paricipate, that's a good word that, paricipate.
Yeah, alright, exercise, exercise rather than exercise.
There.
that's exercises.
you just want the S off the end that's all.
oh put it in if you want to then.
it's got it in there.
Yes.
okay do they live in a house, bungalow, does it.
So you.
eight thousand characters.
not eight thousand words?
Go on then how many words have you got?
Ignoring a lot.
One thousand, two hundred and.
It's over twelve hundred bytes and this is in a maths.
Where does your maths come into it then?
What will it be?
What will it take the form of, your maths?
Statistics?
pardon, you need what?
I thought grass was, had a lot of limits on it?
I put a capital J there.
yeah, cos it is a title is n't it?
maths coursework.
How's it going Ton?
Fineish?
That's it, good lad, is it still F seven to flip it over from.
Control.
There is.
Well if you bought the.
what might go wrong?
You lose it all just a slight detail, leave the door.
Are you saving this on disk or is this going onto hard disk?
Stack of them, yeah, but how d'ya get it out, are you gon na save it from the hard disk onto a floppy?
That's what you're going to do?
But, er yeah, cos if something does go wrong, if there's a power fail er now.
you would be up the creek without your paddle would n't you?
Would n't you?
Well if it did n't save it on that how does it, how do you get it back?
without you telling it to save.
and a.
Yeah.
Really?
It wo n't matter.
Well it depends on what you, what.
Your frequency is.
Ditto, ditto my or may?
Key words.
None.
Comments rubbish.
You daft thing.
How do you know, oh it's saving it onto the disk now.
How many bytes are free yeah.
A hundred and twenty four thousand, nine hundred and twenty eight bytes free.
Yeah.
What frequency does it save it at?
If you want.
Why do n't you do it one, every minute?
What happens if you.
Yes, yeah.
Yeah.
So, so when it's auto save it's, then you edit it does it auto, will auto save again, does it take out the things already in that you've altered, that you've edited?
Yeah it overwrites everything.
so what you, auto saving every ten minutes.
I think you're a bit wrong there old son.
Oh I see what you mean it does n't, it does n't do it without you, not telling you.
it just does it without you knowing it, that would be good would n't it?
Without interrupting your flow.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You've lost the lot.
So it's auto save every ten minutes.
this is the window options.
Where'd you get this program from?
was this pirated?
God I, you know, should n't do that.
Oh well.
you get the law in here.
No, staying as it is, use this in evidence.
Well you should be innocent should n't you?
Lily white.
Dunno.
No, go on clear off.
leave your mum alone, Paul leave your mum alone.
Oh be quiet.
Potatoes are nearly ready.
have you turned them off, have you turned that thing off it'll cook in the heat that's on there wo n't it?
Yeah, but I mean, I'm gon na take the heat off it's pointless it blasting till the end.
And the sprouts are on, twelve minutes you say.
You've got about twelve minutes left.
that's what I'm warning you of.
I can do the gravy and all that, yeah, I can sort that out, I do n't need to be told that, you're alright.
Pardon?
No you're alright, Paul's good at doing the gravy.
Is only Paul who can do gravy, so he tells us.
Twenty.
Pardon?
That's why I've got to fill them all up because they're blank, yeah.
I would n't be filling them up if they were n't blank, are they all blank?
Your accent?
Outer space.
I do n't know.
Pardon?
Non, neutral, neuter now give it a chance to cook.
mm, mm, if I put the chicken on Paul.
it'll only take you a second to do that, bring you, mind yourself, let me just, whoosh that's hot.
Right.
Pardon?
Oh it is well and truly cooked, tell me when.
Oh damn.
can happen that'll do wo n't it?
Plenty, just sort that bacon out, here are.
What's the matter with it?
It taste like it's green?
It looks like it's green, yeah.
It's horrible is it?
Let's get the.
Put that in here, that's right.
it'll soon get up.
where are the plates?
Are they in the top oven?
Yes it's all.
Thank.
erm no have a knife please out of the drawer, just check the sprouts, wash, they looked cooked, they looked cooked.
They're cooked are n't they?
Yeah I'll just put them back in for twenty seconds just to get them up to heat, keep your eye on this Paul, it'll go over if you do n't.
these peas are neon ready there we go right.
It's boiled?
Right.
turn it down put the cornflour in.
Yes, that's it, keep stirring it.
okay?
It's Paul.
Yeah you're alright, yes.
you're okay, yes we've got the plates ready.
We're all ready, we're just waiting for this gravy now.
Where?
That's okay, keep it going Paul.
Ha keep it going.
That's it.
that's oil that,, that's axle grease.
Yeah.
Of course he is, he takes after his dad.
takes after his dad do n't you Paul?
yeah it's coming out now, right, can you get the dish out please?
Are we ready?
Where's the steel?
Oh dear out you come, right, can we.
Yeah help yourself.
you'll learn.
How do I know what?
You've got to change them every so often, mm, it tells you to, I suppose that's to stop it erm suddenly dying on you, it's sense I suppose.
Can I have the dish out, the carving dish, out of the cupboard.
It's in there.
Okey-dokey and the chicken now, open the oven, let's have that Paul, please get the other, if I can find it, what's the matter you have n't burnt yourself have you?
Brought it up, no leave those in, otherwise it'll get cold, er, can you get the plates out now please?
adaptor what?
Plug it into, oh this thing, well you ca n't move around then can you?
Ha.
are you gon na carve this or what?
Is it warm Paul?
You do n't carve the onion.
No.
Throw it at the cat.
It happens when you're.
when you're brought up in the war you see, waste not, want not.
There you are try that side, here you are.
like that at that angle.
cos if you keep following that cut then sooner or later you'll come across the, the bone okay, there, that lot.
do n't worry about that, right.
just inside it, he's trying to, why not?
Good idea, one day you might be able to do it, oh.
No he's not, no he's not.
Tony.
Yep, what you do is see that.
it just lifts up, it does n't.
You've been trying to turn it have n't you?
Never mind.
Yeah, it's called commonsense, but never mind.
never mind my dear.
We do n't need that much in there.
Be that, the best way of making this, can I show you?
Make a jug full yeah, seriously.
oh, okay.
Now you start to share it out onto the plate.
No you do n't, no you share it out first and then you see if you need to do the legs or we can have the legs, the legs on, on butties or.
or a curry, yes okey-dokey, here we go.
Oh good, that's enough for Philip, yeah.
Oh, okay, that's alright, okay.
I carved the chicken.
Sing.
Yeah.
I like the way he gets bits of fingers in it, you know.
yeah, that's the bone, it takes a lot of skill that getting a bit.
go on then.
Erm, yeah, put a leg on somebody's, it does n't matter who and then we can sort out later, is that, that the right number of plates?
Two, four, six, yeah, that's alright, yeah, leave that there.
no leave that there.
ha.
takes one to know one.
Get the what from?
For what love?
oh no, you'll want a bit more than that in.
Yes, yes.
I know it's very strong.
right up to the bottom.
erm, where'd I get what from?
that, it came with it.
Yeah.
A coffee jar?
Not with it.
Oh I know what you mean.
Er, no, never thought of that, to tell you the truth.
now these sprouts mother, these sprouts.
they've been cooked in the microwave for twelve minutes.
okay, well we do n't know yet, until.
put sprouts, sprouts in a microwave and.
veg cooked in a microwave and, if you can get it right.
you must get one of these you know, oh yes.
They are nice, they are good things to have.
Oh he's not right, are you ready with the, with that Paul?
Pardon?
No it does n't matter seriously, turn it up, right up.
Right up, okay.
Yes.
you can do mine in here Paul if you want.
Yeah.
How would it be a waste of time?
Oh I see what you mean, no I do n't think he'll come home as bright as a button, somehow or other.
I think, I think you'll get the bright times wo n't you, like he's been in hospital.
but he's been really.
really on the ball, but I do n't think it's gon na happen much, not for a month or two.
you want something on your, you want something on your feet or.
old son, you're gon na stand on something sharp or something hot spilt on them and you are gon na scream.
Paul's.
Paul's got it in the bowl, in a, in a, on a bowl?
Yeah.
if he does n't like his bacon we'll have it, tell him.
cos there's one here without bacon you done'em?
Right who want there's a leg here, bits and bobs.
have you told your mum Tony that dinner's, can you tell her.
yeah, I'll have that, the other two, bring the gravy through, here he is with the gravy.
Paul and the gravy.
That's not yours, you can sit wherever you like.
Paula, Paula, it's all out, come on.
oh we have n't put the, Paul you have n't put the stuffing on.
Can you get the stuffing on a plate.
okay.
taste nice that.
One potato.
oh.
We're all on air, we have been all morning.
You are.
while you've been swearing and that been going ever so, police'll be round tomorrow.
Arresting you.
Yes.
No, I can remember forty five minutes ' worth no problem, oh Tony er Paul get erm a bowl, erm, a dish, a dish, do n't put it ah.
He's put the wrong one, he's put a soup bowl out.
give the lad a chance.
well this looks good.
Mm, oh it's beautiful, oh, oh best meal this year, oh.
Yeah he's been carving the chicken, yeah.
Erm, no.
Yeah it is nice that, yeah.
Have you had your, have you had a sprout?
Are n't they nice?
Keep'em coming.
No if you look around.
there's six glasses.
That's for carving the chicken.
Tiny bit.
well not just a tiny bit, you put about half way up do n't you Paul?
You do n't cover them in water.
Mm, they hold the flavour better do n't they?
Yeah, we're under a lot of pressure, yeah.
I'll go.
I'll go this afternoon.
taking me pack of cards this afternoon and a crib board.
We, we could get a crib school going Tony.
all bring their drips over and er God knows what.
Mm, true.
No it's not, it's just a sleep.
Oh it's just a sleep a siesta.
a sleep taking during the day.
you can have a morning siesta.
an afternoon siesta.
Granted, it's a sleep taken during the day cos you're naked.
Mm, mm.
Mm, mm.
What?
What was it?
Oh yeah it's a bit sharp that ai n't it?
It should be.
Than what?
What did we have yesterday?
oh you and, you and Sally had the same, at the pub.
How much did they charge you for that down the pub?
Oh we were n't were we Ton?
Well I'm sorry but where we went it was great.
were n't it Tom?
There you are then.
Did you tell them?
We had a great meal.
did n't we Ton?
We had erm, what did we have Tony?
It was erm salt and vinegar crisps and a packet of pork scratchings.
No.
No, ours was n't, was it?
Ours was n't, but what was there was good.
that's right.
so you'd expect it to be up to.
Yeah some standard or other.
Mm, mm.
This chicken's good is n't it?
Chicken's good is n't it?
Let me think who did it.
Do n't know.
Mm, mm.
It's good for you ai n't it?
Mm, mm.
Pardon?
Are you hungry?
oh, enjoyed that, good meal.
Why?
I think I'll have the rest of that please Paula, good.
Did he?
How did it go?
Ca n't remember.
What?
Next Tuesday?
Right, we're all gon na make pancakes.
throw them up, catch them.
Bet it, bet it goes flat on you though.
No.
just see who can be sick first I think.
Who's eaten the most pancakes, oh.
I had.
and I went green.
Pardon?
Pardon?
Make a load in there.
how'd you know?
Have you invited him?
Gives the pancakes his blessing.
Pancakes.
Hides Easter eggs, Easter bunny.
does somebody dress up as an Easter bunny?
I could just see it a local farmer coming out with his gun.
ah I've got it, bang.
Climb out the window.
and then you climb back in.
oh God just see it.
who, who telephones?
does it cost you anything then?
Oh there you are.
Well if you, if you dialled and put it down and walked away from it then it rings, oh.
Oh they hear it ringing do they?
So the, so the door's slightly open, so they can hear the, oh, oh what a surprise, oh.
All these kids are growing up, yeah, thinking there's this bunny dropped eggs, Easter eggs all over the place.

Oh what a pity, he's, Paula you're dribbling.
er.
Oh yeah, yeah.
thing is too, at Christmas we used to have the erm, when we lived in Buxton we used to have the front bedroom where they, do you remember Paul, and the bay underneath it?
Yeah.
and we used to hang out of there on, on a long, long string all these bells and jangle them on Christmas Eve oh yeah, yeah.
yeah and er oh Santa's here and that, God.
I, I used to throw a handkerchief through the door, do you remember that?
Do you remember that?
I had magic, I could throw a handkerchief through the door.
Oh yeah, the carrots, the mince pies.
What break your neck?
What an Easter bunny?
So you have an Easter bunny coming do you?
What about harvest time, do you have all the traditions then?
do you, do you burn somebody in the.
in the man, in the big man?
Put a, put a.
all the traditions, nothing like the good old days.
The what?
Rolling them down the hill?
It's where it should n't be.
Sounds stupid.
and you roll them down the hill.
Did you know.
if you want to dye wool, onions are a great dye for dyeing wool.
Mm, yeah that's right.
Yeah.
Where, where'd she get them from?
Wild flowers.
Or people's gardens.
Yeah, you can get some cracking colours.
Hold on, the lad wants to know, he's talking to you.
Put that away we do n't want it.
that's got ta go in the box.
Can we have a couple of spoons, yes Tony just a couple.
That goes in the box Paul.
Hold on just a moment.
does anybody want, do you want.
Who does n't want?
Well then somebody's gon na be short here cos we only got five.
It does n't matter.
can you get a bowl.
No.
a couple, a couple of pears here.
Really?
That was spot on.
Yeah, yeah, done that.
I did this with a group of children years ago in erm, in Buxton.
Yeah.
yeah, off you go.
and bouncy ice cream that bounces around.
Right, you do n't.
Oh he does n't want ice cream.
You do n't want anything else on there do you?
Ice cream on that.
Five what?
Your bowl?
Does anybody want more juice?
There's more juice.
Paul do you want some more juice?
Go on, that's enough, yeah oh.
fill it up.
er, he had a.
Oh, my God.
Erm Tony can I have your, do you want some more juice?
Erm pass it down then.
That's plenty, loads.
Right.
Mm, what you'd expect.
Berries and.
And rosemary.
Thistle.
Portcullis.
Daffodil.
Cabbage.
Mm.
I'm not eating it quickly at all, it's just catching a filling every time I eat it.
This Cornish ice cream?
Eldercar's ice cream is brilliant.
Just made out of cream and fruit, nothing else.
You ai n't tasted nothing yet.
from the corner shop, oh no where else, no, no.
What?
Mm.
Which joke's that one?
Oh aye yes.
What's the Irish contraceptive?
You know what it was?
Right then.
no, no, no.
No it's not you're right.
That was on was it?
Mm.
No going up erm.
anything could happen to him.
Yeah.
interesting recording bits half way up Snowdon.
It.
just imagine doing this in the weather that we had, God, up to here, wind and rain.
Nothing thanks.
Who's had a mixture of tea and coffee, you?
Oh God.
Hot or cold?
Sugared and milked?
Paula, Paula.
Tony wants.
tea, coffee mixed.
milk and sugar, it's lovely.
Winding your mum up.
Which one up the road?
When?
Oh I do n't remember.
Hertford.
it's down the road, it's not up the road at all, it's down the road, it's miles away, up the road.
Tell you what walk it and you'll find that.
Where was it Tony the one near Woodbridge that one?
Oh we went past the farm up to it, there's a farm on the left.
where you got the water from?
Oh there's a what you call it at the end, the old folks ' retirement home is n't there.
somebody's formed a country residence.
You can get those out the guinea pigs cage.
get the car they would n't of eaten all the carrots yet.
Thursday.
Mum, mum says there is.
Sunday.
You should do, you should do, yeah get something like that Tony.
That's a proper job though is n't it mother?
Do it that.
way, yeah, but if he gets fresh, a bit of fresh some fresh leeks and fresh.
I do n't.
Do n't swing on your chair you'll break your neck.
Mm, yeah.
You get a fresh lot in.
When did you get that vase?
Or when did we get that vase?
Was it?
it's very nice innit?
You're not eating again are you?
God.
Computer biscuits.
Mm.
They're horrible.
they're horrible.
You could hold tiles on a wall with these things.
Cor, very poor.
Better watch that Paul you'll pull all your fillings out.
they're horrible.
oh, right, am I going on my own this afternoon?
Anybody come with me to the hospital.
You're alright, you can go tonight with Paula.
Well have you got a lot of homework to do?
Ton.
well I, you're fresh for your homework now are n't ya?
you'll get more done.
If you want to, it's up to you.
What's wrong with that Paula.
No, but what's wrong with it?
What's wrong with it?
That's gon na spill if you're not careful.
it's coffee.
Instant tea.
It's supposed to be brilliant innit?
Oh no, they would n't do that.
What's it taste like Tony?
Horrible.
Teabags.
Remember when teabags came out?
People said they'd never, never catch on, teabags.
Daft way of having a cup of tea just got used to it.
Remember what we were talking about this morning how things have changed in service in shops.
and that, it'll all happen.
In your old age you'll be making yourself an instant cup of tea.
They sell stamps do n't they?
Right.
but you've got to find the place there it could be at the other end a mile away could n't it?
The size of that place.
Oh father says it's er so far away from one end to the other.
They use that room as a bedroom, I'm not with you.
Which one?
Chance to have a look, there.
as a bedroom?
Ah they might have somebody to stay with them, have somebody to stay with them.
the only trouble this we need days and days and days and months or rain.
it's lovely but it's not doing us any good this.
Yes.
seen this lady.
she dresses in some of the strangest things, sometimes she dresses in sailor's uniforms and big white.
coats on, yeah she walks all over the place.
I think it's I think but I could be wrong.
Just like that she walks and walks and, nights, morning any time of the day you can see her, no paths, you know what the roads are like.
all on her own.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh God look at the width of this thing.
look at the width of it, God, ah, oh that lorry, get past it.
This is ridiculous this, this should n't be on the road.
Yeah but, how can he?
If the width of it.
they're just too big for roads and this is a main road.
Who?
Oh the farmers, this is ridiculous.
Well it's the width of it.
It's erm, oh God.
No I think she lay, I think it's.
I think, I've never seen her, there's a rumour you know how you get stories about people.
like this.
Yeah.
well she, she will, literally walks miles, she'll walk, you see her the other side of Stowmarket, seven miles, six, seven, eight, ten miles away.
all weathers all weathers.
as well.
Oh rumour has it that her husband was in the forces.
now this is an old rumour and er, he was an officer, er I think in the RAF and he had erm an accident his plane crashed and he died and this is why she dresses in military uniform all the time sort, you know she went a little bit deranged.
and that.
the shock of it never got over the shock of it though.
Well.
Oh she is n't that old.
No.
No, she's only in top twenties, early thirties.
Yeah, that's all she is.
No, no.
Super jet, sixteen hundred, eighteen, Amazon, do we need things that big?
look at the size it's enormous.
Yes, yeah.
Mm, mm.
Yeah.
Yes.
Yeah.
No.
but.
when me mum died everybody said oh your.
dad I'll be dead in, within a year, two years, he'll give up, he's got nothing you know.
he lived ten, twelve years was it after?
No it was n't, no ten years.
Oh yeah, well she went a bit.
she went a bit over the top did n't she?
With remorse.
It was unnatural.
Did she ever get over it?
And was she getting over it with her, was she getting better?
Coping with that husband not being there.
Oh yes.
Yes.
Oh yes.
Take over.
Demand, yeah.
I do, yeah.
But it did.
How many children, was it three children you said?
Three lads.
Yeah.
Mm.
Eighteen, eighteen, sixteen and thirteen.
how did they take it then the lads?
Sixteen year old.
Mm, mm.
Come on get a move on.
he's gon na cause chaos this guy, he's gon na pull in front of this lorry, watch.
The day to day jobs, yeah.
Yeah.
Did she carry on working?
Yeah.
Yeah, if you go, if you can get back to work.
you get into, it can help to get your mind off it during the day or alright at night you might be very lonely.
Ah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
yeah.
Right, did he work Clifford?
Electricity Board?
What putting the correct.
Maintenance on the.
on the faults on the.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yes.
Mm.
How did he go to pieces, when you say he went to pieces?
What did he do?
Yes.
Yeah.
Yes I can see that, but.
how did he go to pieces?
Did he stop working or.
really?
Yes.
yes.
Yeah.
One of the family.
Mm.
Just shows you that, but death can be.
death can show erm, people's dependency on each other.
that can really show it, ca n't it?
Mm.
Plenty of people around.
Mm.
I wonder what would of happened if she had n't of died when she did.
and Clifford had, had died, I wonder how he'd of taken it then, perhaps sh you know they lost that.
the helmsman as it were.
Poor chap.
And why was that?
Why did n't he come, was he ill?
Could of been.
Yes you see funerals er, everybody likes a wedding do n't they?
Everybody loves weddings, dressing up, meeting and that, funerals, yeah alright we all get together again at funerals and the, after the coffin's gone in the ground and all that, that really high emotion point or once it's gone behind the erm curtains to be burnt, once you've gone through that there's that sort of erm.
limbo yeah, you're coming together again in the house or whatever you have, a reception, and you need to go through that to come to terms with it or you can, you can need to go through that, but some people ca n't take the pressure emotional pressure of, you know, all the, hour, two hours, three, four hours before that it just, they.
just ca n't take it, and I do n't know how they cope with it afterwards.
Yeah very popular chap.
Well you know when erm Scott erm died.
er, all, all his mates.
and Paul and myself went up there did n't we?
and, that was, it was.
it was like a football match crowd.
it was solid and it was all sort of, his age, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen year olds and all vowing they're never gon na sniff whatever again, you know all making these.
pledges.
Yeah.
Was it a heart attack, heart?
Mm, mm.
He was n't well that's right, no.
He must of been feeling unwell then.
Yeah.
Oh had he actually collapsed from his heart attack?
What, they put it out where?
Out in the back?
Yeah.
Oh, it been gone too, stop breathing too long, yeah.
poor chap.
so they put him on a life support did they?
how long was he on the life support?
Eight weeks on a life support?
Mm.
Yeah.
Mm, mm.
It's just a body there then.
So he's on the life support right to the end.
was he on that life support right till the end?
Did, they took him, taken him off the life support?
Could he talk and, no.
No.
That's his wife?
Yeah.
Oh God.
well you can guarantee that ca n't ya?
Sod's law.
Maybe that sort of hit her as well I think.
you know.
Ah that's it, maybe that starts to explain a bit more.
how, why she took it so badly.
if I'd only been there when he died, I'd of hold his hands, blah, blah, oh God, poor lass.
poor lass.
No.
No, no.
But she, she wo n't see it like that will she?
Mm, mm,.
Recrimination.
Mm, mm.
Oh that's what it looks like whether you are or not oh, oh.
oh look at this Union Jack and the oh my God.
There.
oh the what you call it?
The erm British Legion.
No, use, use, used to go to the club, Legion club.
No he's down the pit.
down the pit.
have.
No I've heard nothing, no.
according to Les yeah.
but I do n't know when, where, how, what or whatever I, it's up to him, ha, he's no longer.
He's older than me oh he's a lot older, he's about fifty Johnny.
Yeah, hold on what am I, yeah he's coming up to fifty yeah, forty nine.
My dad?
Oh I take after him an'all in that.
Yeah, handsome sod my God yes it was erm bit of blow that when me dad went.
but you see when you smoke all your damn life what do you expect?
And he could n't stop it, I, I never get over when the doctor said to him if I were you I would n't smoke, it'll do you good not to smoke, so he did n't, and he stopped it.
just like that crazy after what, forty odd years of smoking he stopped it just like that, and then when the doctor said when he'd been, after he'd got the results back, you know, all the, all the ones they do at the hospital then.
obviously it was no good he, you could smoke like a chimney it made no damn difference the state his insides were.
his lungs were then.
and when he said er, you know he said you know well, er, you like a cigarette the doctor said, yeah, and my dad was so proud of this, you wan na cigarette yeah, you can smoke if you're, there you are and he said it, it was n't the cigarettes.
God it was n't the cigarettes.
He's got to stop.
Yeah, yeah you see and he's stopped.
Yeah, I do n't blame him.
I do n't blame him at all.
Yeah that's it.
All God's children got a bad chest.
What?
We're alright.
we're go round with masks on ca n't you?
Eh up, we've got ta.
no.
you do n't, you do n't know what you're missing.
No thanks.
I do n't like Park Drive.
good for you, keeps the moths out the house.
It keeps the moths out.
Because of the smoke.
There.
Okay?
Oh he's alright, he is, who's gon na come looking?
Oh he's going in the toilet, they're better, that's a nicer colour.
were you never a Girl Guide?
I'm not embarrassed.
Why?
I think they see a lot, they see everything the nurse's mother.
What is it, if you've got it, flaunt.
He's, he's, what do you call it?
Pardon?
he's alright, it's okay.
yeah, it's alright, completely, I would n't do it if it was illegal, do n't worry.
well somebody'll have to drive him there.
about what?
yeah, might be an idea though, well we'll see what's, what happens with the.

nothing's happening.
That's what I said to ya, I said this, tomorrow possibly.
cos if they've got everything under control they'd want it, what else can they do?
It might be rest they might think.
they might keep you in for a longer rest.
this is the second bite this is it.
think.
All of them?
You er.
Let's have a, let's have a look at your list, see what you've er.
stop, stop.
getting on, getting on.
There's a possibility.
that's a possibility.
We can bring you back at home or if they insist that you go back in an ambulance, you may, they may not put you back home you know, have you thought of that?
They might put you into Southwold.
Yeah, but they might do that.
I doubt it, but they might do that.
you're not, you're not gon na be in here much longer, that's a fact is n't it?
So.
have you seen the weather out there, it's gorgeous ai n't it?
did you watch it yesterday?
I saw a bit of it.
brilliant man.
Yeah, why I did n't see that, I only saw one bit of it, tiny bit.
Yeah, the British lad, the English lad, Aussies, they're all the same these Aussies.
I tell you what he does need, see a doctor.
I do n't mean erm what's his name, cos he's abroad is n't he? erm what's the guy's name?
he wants to see a doctor, otherwise he's just gon na, he's not gon na get any better is he?
Yeah, that's a point innit?
I need n't of brought her.
It's not been out the house other than last night.
how's that, has it got rockets on the back?
Wings on it.
Mm.
Well he will be he's gon na be, he is better now than he was cos them antibiotics are working.
Yeah, well, what but, but I'm saying is it's not the antibiotics it is n't the.
that.
he wants, he wants somebody looking at him and saying well.
he wants, he wants X-ray or something like that.
just to see what on earth it's like in there.
Well not this place but somewhere.
Well that, what are antibiotics gon na do?
Nothing at all.
about that.
and I think to have it, say watch Mr, Mr you, if he's not here, he's not here and you've got to do something.
Could he.
see you ca n't.
Well it's, they've plenty of people here.
so you've got, yeah and if, the longer it goes on, the more.
mi yeah, it's a possibility but until somebody actually says no, you do n't know.
Well, he, it's not that far away and it's, if he's in here and they can see to him, fair enough, or they might be able to point him in a different direction, a better direction.
Yeah.
ca n't go on like this.
crazy to.
oh.
it's just bed and.
yeah can get in.
I thought what's that digging in until I realized what it was.
Yeah.
Who?
a lum lumbatologist no, no, yeah cos all he's doing is just lying there.
eating.
but it.
report on what?
What's that?
Who's the wind bag?
Blow out.
It's not in, you've lost it, there you are it's in that one ca n't find it?
What's that?
Do n't be a Rodney and spend what, that's Archer is n't it?
Lang lingo.
that looks like Jeffrey Archer.
Rodney's.
Jeffrey's, Jeffrey Archer, Jeffrey, do n't be a Rodney and spend Jeffrey on a cat and bob, it's the Daily Mirror as well.
Rodney's a plonker, yeah.
oh God, good though ai n't it?
I do n't know.
No, no.
No this is just to do with a.
a, a Rodney, yeah.
do n't be a Rodney it says, do n't be a Rodney it says and spend a Jeffrey on a cat and bob, do n't be a plonker and spend two thousand pounds that's what he played, paid to the prostitutes, do you remember?
Yeah, just because you looked a nice girl was it? on a cat and bob, somebody who gives you lots of promises and it's load of crap.
Bimbo.
Why?
The favours, in lieu of favours given.
Oh.
mm, it's good though ai n't it?
has it stopped, is it still splitting ah?
Oh it is.
it is.
Did you hear about that chap he did.
he did, James Watana, he did a one four seven break on TV the fastest ever.
and his father was shot out in erm is it Bangkok Tha out Thailand way.
and killed, his father's a gambler out there.
somebody came to settle up bang and he was playing thinking he'd just been wounded and in fact he'd been shot and killed, poor chap.
Well if he do n't he do n't get the pennies does he?
Do n't do it you do n't get paid.
At these prices.
There you are there's your mobility chair for you.
five forward gears, one reverse.
For what toy boy?
Sharing between you where would you have him then?
Monday, Wednesday, Friday, she'd have him Tuesday, Thursday and weekends.
How to do wheelies in the.
Who is it then?
Wind bag.
your eyes have lit up.
No, I know, keep the, keep the, you've read it four times now but you hmm.
Mm.
He's not married that's why.
does n't smoke, does n't drink not married.
Well.
They do n't know who you are.
Jeremy Beadle, is it heck, is it heck.
It's not.
Can you get past?
Can you squeeze through?
I've left a gap a yard wide for ya.
Oh.
Are they a different prescription.
than those?
Oh, oh well.
Oh no, it's a different pres different strength.
You look better in them mind you.
suit you.
they make you make you look sort of intelligent sort of.
What is it, your eyes have altered the strength of your lenses have n't they?
They've all, I could do with glasses.
For reading yeah, I could do now I think for distance.
if I look at things like that, it's all, er.
I'd never seen Paula in, in glasses, ever, other than in photographs.
not a liable.
no it's just for close work.
it is.
In her pram?
Yeah.
Ah.
Have you got a photograph of that in the pram with glasses on?
Could, we could have that blown up.
and we could send it anonymously to.
primary school.
Did she have operations to.
or just a squint.
Mm, mm.
So it will.
was pulling to yes.
So they weakened the strong one.
So they weakened the strong one.
Yeah.
what they hand them down here do they?
So they a bit Monty Pythonish swing.
Mm.
God.
Mm.
If it's worked or not, if it's been a success or not.
Mm.
Yeah, yeah.
Ukelele type of thing.
no, I do n't, but there's been that many.
Yeah.
So sort of isolation it was.
Yeah.
So how long was she in for then?
Poor up.
In the hospital, yeah.
Oh that'll be good wo n't it?
Yeah.
Were good to them.
they were all fit.
they were all fit, just keep them.
keep them occupied.
Pardon?
Yeah.
Mm.
But you.
I do that.
if I'm driving the Metro.
Yeah.
Bring back, that's right, either way it's got ta go has n't it?
No, say it, go on say it.
To get back to my.
Well either way we've got to do that, two cars have got ta go, it's got ta involve two cars either way, no matter when you do it.
whether you do it start, middle or end, it makes no difference.
Yeah, when are they likely to tell you about your biopsy then?
No I'm not.
if I go and ask now.
Do you wan na ask?
Was this big Mr.
oh God.
yeah, yeah, and they, they say he was brutal with you?
oh God.
oh God all fruits.
right, see what she says and whether it's gon na be, I'll get it on tape if I can, for posterity Spoken to John, what's happening about his biopsy?
You do n't know.
John.
You do n't know, we're just trying to work out when he's going home or and things like that.
Right.
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
mm, mm.
will it be today?
He's, he's talking now.
Biop biopsy on Tuesday.
He said two, forty eight hours just now.
said I will know within forty eight hours and we thought we Tuesday you see.
Thursday afternoon.
Oh yeah, here, here for a while, yeah.
Oh.
I was gon na say.
Right, oh we're just trying to work out, you know, car here and getting bodies.
here there and.
everywhere, things like that, so, well I'll hang on a bit then.
okay, yeah, thanks a lot, ta.
She said she does n't know.
hold on, hold on, just a moment, she does n't know, but a biopsy can take a week, a week to come through, she would n't expect you out before the weekend.
Hold on, this is what you would n't, expects, this is only expects, this may not be, you might be walking out tomorrow morning.
she has n't, she has n't got the results through yet, but they maybe through and the doc says no already, but they have n't told her okay?
So, erm, she said oh you are erm on a few drugs, but there anti-inflammatory drugs that you're on.
okay, I think that's for your stomach, erm.
No, no no, no I said to her if we could just know, cos er, moving bodies and cars and so on, she probably understands but she said as soon as you see a doctor out here, speak to them and, and then we can erm, but they may know somebody.
but I say, I said to her that you, you'd said that you had the biopsy within, you'd know the results within forty eight hours, but she said oh no.
they could take a week.
We've had the word, nobody's being rushed.
But he's not gon na be in that much longer are ya?
This is what we've been saying.
So what, what we could do.
no.
no, it's not that, listen, listen now, now listen to Santa now, listen to Santa, if you went home, if you went, listen to me now.
if you went home the day before Philip goes to get everything ready for him so you have n't.
Well that's what I'm saying.
that's what I'm saying, if you go then the following day we'll bring Philip and then by which time you most probably got news about the old codger here.
do what, it just seems easier for you that's all.
No we wo n't, we'll stay here.
He's not, he ca n't do, he's got nothing to do with this actually, he's got nothing to do with it.
he's in the hands of these people here, who tell him what to do and what not to do.
no he wo n't.
It's nothing to do with him.
No.
no he'd, he's got to do as he's told and he knows that and that's it and at the moment she says we do n't know so we do n't know, but we know that sooner or later it's.
It's gon na be pretty imminent.
That means she'll make her mind up and tell us, yeah we'll make our minds up, the royal we.
Oh you'll see somebody.
What?
Are forever rowing.
ah, we will make up our minds.
We will.
I, God.
You'll be okay.
yeah, but he's gon na do it, he is gon na do it, he's gon na do it.
he is gon na, yeah.
Well he's so busy about to do it and getting himself ready to do it, that he is gon na do it though.
This morning he was playing erm, zombies, he had a double sleeping bag, two sleeping bags and made a, an enormous, erm, a double bed out of it and he was inside it.
I'm a zombie, and I said get it off your head lad, I'm a zombie, who, who, walked downstairs so, there's a big plant there and, it's ever so large mind ya, sent it flying, I'm a zombie.
bang.
He looked at me gone out, absolutely gone out and I clouted him and he's what's the matter?
And there's this thing scattered all over the place.
coming home at fifteen and he's still playing at zombies.
hmm, oh God.
He's got a lot of everything to do ai n't he?
Poor Paul.
mm crosswords.
Yeah.
That's right.
Yeah, it's his jaw, a jaw tongue I think jaws and tongues use up more energy than anything else.
Are you ready then?
No.
ready, ready for this, this crossword.
we're not going anywhere, that was Scilly, nineteen down, stop cease.
cease fifteen down, state, state for example, say, fifteen across, we're doing well here are n't we?
Fifteen across machine gun from the er faster.
from the er faster perhaps.
that's er,.
That's sun hat, anagram of sun hat, we're doing well here, N, S, I, G, N S places.
U, H, A, T.
we're doing well here father, were doing well, four down, I get it here, double S oh no it's upset is n't it?
oh good.
no.
Ah, it's beaten me, only a couple.
No I'll let you do it, I, I've pointed you in the right direction.
He has n't done that at all you are amazing.
I'm in a different, I'm on a different planet to this one.
no,.
get two of them.
get two four-pinters.
who said that?
Paul will tell you.
anything.
he's the class monitor you see, that's what it is.
Yeah, aye, he's alright.
Tony told his risque joke at dinner did n't he?
Oh.
just after finish eating.
No it's not on this.
he would n't of told it if it gone on this.
it's only that one is n't it?
Oh no, no, he told that one, he told some weird ones that go on and on and on and on and the end is.
there's nothing to it, it's aargh.
Yeah.
Mm, well it's supposed, they're designed to do that are n't they, so at the end of it you're ready to throttle them, when you got the punch line it's on telly.
Yeah.
It's alright, do n't worry, do n't worry.
I ca n't understand a word he says.
Oh, oh well that's.
then.
I know.
pardon?
yeah, with us, sorry, there we are it's still on doctor's.
Leave him do n't, let him do what he wants to do.
She's, he's been round there.
things are happening.
the goldfish, seen the size of those fish?
They're worth a bit when they're like that are n't they?
Alive.
Those in that pond are the erm.
oh aye, there's fish in it.
yeah.
you know the other night you were on about the fish that you had for your tea.
about that size, there's a few less today, have you noticed?
Yeah, had goldfish the other night, goldfish and.
It is good stuff is it?
Oh aye, yeah, you're gon na have your whisk have n't ya?
We'll bring you out after Sunday, I'll tell, we'll tell them that.
we'll bring them out this Sunday and take him in next Saturday.
Really?
So you finished it off.
the what?
the bottle does?
Ah.
So who, who has the drop of the hard stuff in here then?
Everybody.
like they've had in the corner, he likes it does he?
what happens if it runs out, have they got another bottle that's.
You'll have to find out wo n't you?
You're allowed one and one only, do they not come back for seconds do they?
Get down the pub.
I've got a terrible stammer.
Oh, bet, bet you spill a lot though when you drink it do n't ya, right down your throat it goes.
Oh yeah, mm, the thing these days.
You do, I'm afraid you do.
you never know.
look at it here.
the first time I've taken a pill for years and years and she said, my taste and my smell.
trying to get my taste back and my smell back.
yeah, but it came back the other day did n't it?
but it, no do n't know, no it's horrid innit?
it's all catarrh she says.
does n't sound like it does it?
No she says I do, the doc.
I'll have a Polo, give us a Polo.
Have you got any grapes?
There are, look at that, it's a hospital Polo there's a bit already been taken out of it.
On a.
Mm.
Mm.
knocked out, chipped out.
Knocked out by machine.
Mm.
a machine.
Mm, that was to the bits in the middle, do n't tell you that.
do you think that's true?
Must have got machines to do it round like that.
mm, how'd they do it?
Hell of a skilful job that, to carve Polo on each Polo mm I ca n't do this, it's too hard, it's tart, four letters.
Tart.
Tart.
four letters.
No, ca n't have that, pie, cake.
No, no I'll give you one with a three letter one, first letter R, clue, rank could it be row, rank, row.
I was thinking of rank like, officer's and things like that.
could n't be a row could it?
A row.
R O W ranks, the rank of something R O W ai n't it, row?
Yeah it is now, yeah oh.
savoury food item, first one D last one T, six altogether, savory food item.
Was T and there's six altogether.
renowned, famed if you're renowned ai n't it?
Sorry, have you got it?
Give you another one, standard, four, first one is I no, they're too hard are n't they?
How'd you spell occasional?
No it's too many letters occasional.
cartoon here, can me dad borrow the racing page?
And a fiver.
and a fiver, no, he must of put a bet on, borrowed the paper and borrowed the money to put the bet on same day dry cleaning service, you can pick it up at two minutes to midnight madam.
hmm.
Be that concentrating, it's too much effort to concentrate, yeah.
Paul's thinking about his homework.
Yeah, I must n't put the lad down.
Yeah, he was doing a bit of drama this morning was n't he?
A zombie, yeah.
oh he said show me how to carve the chicken.
He made the gravy, Paul?
He can make gravy.
So Tony came along and said no it's not it's oil, fat is oil, when is oil fat, when it's, oh God.
He's what?
Yeah, yeah, he's, he's, have you ever had one of his pizzas?
You know one of his that he makes?
You want him to get you to make a pizza, you know how you buy these pizzas, nothing to them, brilliant pizza.
get him to make you pizza, brilliant, I'm not joking.
what have the.
yeah.
oh yeah, it'll take him all day to get ready for it, psyching himself up, mentally prepare himself to get into the kitchen.
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Cooking?
True, true.
yeah, he ca n't.
he, he ca n't stand and dither, he moves around a lot and does n't think if only he could stand and dither and think.
Oh come on he's.
yeah.
but, she's the one I spoke to the other day, she says you're a character.
Yeah, she said he's a right character is n't he?
She said she, she liked his erm pyjama bottoms.
look at that how far we are from the rain, right across the middle.
he said it's like a spring like day he's saying in the South East.
finest Southern over Scotland tonight.
Lovely tomorrow, erm, two or three tonight.
Certainly is.
Yeah I'll ask her, she's the one I spoke to before.
Yeah, they're up to their eyes in there.
Where, where d'ya leave it, it's not at home is it?
Is it at home?
Or a hostel.
Yeah, so.
yeah, poor old sod.
Yeah, that's what we was saying was n't it?
Yeah, exactly that.
on his own.
Yeah.
lad with the glasses, was it a big lad?
or was that Wallie the one with the big lad with the glasses?
There was one of them a big with glasses.
That was Wallie, Bob was the.
oh yes, yes, yeah, remember Bob yeah.
Mm, mm, yeah, but I, but the lad he was the, he was a Communist who worked for you.
What was, what was he called?
Erm.
what was his first name?
Norman.
he was a red hot red was n't he?
Slimmish chap.
I never saw the cuddly wife.
I never saw her.
I did over Christmas, I did some Carlton and Alfy down there no, no that's where I met, I had a Christmas holiday job, couple of days worked for him, I was lugging these vices up.
Yeah.
No, no, the name Nor the name Norman does n't ring a bell.
yeah he was a red.
Frank.
was it Frank?
Oh he had a family, he had a family.
It's on is when you get a click at the end.
No, does n't fit on it's stopped recording change the change the tape so a su but going back to that she was so convinced that it was gon na be a heck of a job that she would save us time by taking all the clothes out putting them somewhere else and I said it'll take us three minutes.
with two people.
What do you want drink?
There you are.
Your wish is my command.
Okay then.
Is that enough?
Do you.
want a bit more?
Okay then.
Do you want that a bit closer.
for you.
Okay?
Ah.
If you need anything just give us a shout, alright?
Oh your oh your extension?
Yeah.
It's looks very good.
Those, you know your little pieces of wood that hold the glass.
to stop.
them s sliding forward they want, they want staining, yeah.
That's all.
It looks it looks passable dunnit?
Mm.
Yeah.
I.
In fact it's an improvement rather than an alteration, it's you've actually improved it have n't you?
No she's er she's so she's so keen at not letting go of a discussion she comes back, she's like a terrier!
She worries it and worries it and.
and gets it by the throat and worries it!
It must be very frustrating to try and sort something out with her!
Has she always been like this or is.
it always?
Yeah, oh!
Come back to it and back.
to it and back to it!
Sounds very familiar this does!
Did you never get to the stage where you to took stuff out or.
No.
He had erm you know whe when you go in a caravan and yo you you you're towing weight are n't you?
So you've got to watch what you take and if it's not necessary you do n't take it if you've got any sense but if you're gon na take everything on the assumption ju just in case, the just in case, just in cases you know, do n't work all these the fail-safes ten times over you're overloaded, ah but you're so much unnecessary weight it all comes back unused, untouched.
And with Paula loading the caravan she would be putting stuff in, I would say why are we taking that?
Will you have enough?
And I with that.
you'd have one hell of a row over something daft but it was di got this idea in her mind so I can see now where it's come from.
Anyway so yes, she's at the bungalow she'll be back tonight.
What's happening with Philip I do n't know whether Philip will be able I think what we'll have to do is one of us will have to drive the Metro.
er the other one of us will erm take the one of the other cars and put Philip in that and drive him there.
And then you know, we've got a car there that we come back in otherwise we wo n't be able to come back.
How's Paul today?
Is he.
How's Paul?
The lad Paul.
Painkillers, yeah.
Oh.
Have you seen any doctors this morning?
Mr?
Ooh!
So you ca n't you ca n't rush this?
I it has got to go.
it's got to So if it's got to take forty eight you would of thought you'd have you'd have known today then?
Does he expect it to be, the results.
today?
They would expect them today?
This one?
Yeah.
I will do that.
Tha that's your drug sheet.
Who's gaffer?
This lad nearest to you?
Oh the other one is your gaffer.
When you say you're not feeling so good is it sort of headache-ish feeling.
off it?
Yeah, there's a bit of that going around you know, you could have just that.
Mm.
What do you mean?
Like sand?
Like a like a rough.
When was the last time you went to the optician?
Over two years ago then?
I think you need to go.
Yeah but if you tol if you told the optician that they might might be able to do something about it.
If you do n't tell him it though and you assume he's gon na to pick it up just by looking at your eyes he's not going to or she's not going to pick it up.
Have you got an optician down here?
Has brother?
Philip?
I see.
Yeah.
The chatterbox do it.
Find out.
I would of thought they'd have come and said to you, you know, as soon they got the results say the news is this.
Did they do that when the first biopsy report through?
How did yo how did you find out?
You listened in?
So nobody actually came along to you?
So they're all prattling away?
And you prattle along with the prattlers?
So ah well!
I'll pop back I'll have a look.
Well this is what you need to talk to.
them about is n't it?
Things like that.
What was that?
That you will have it?
Is it.
Is it, i i is it, does it irritate you?
Does it itch at you?
Does is gnaw at you?
Like your ear.
That's slightly.
Yeah slightly gnaws at you.
I better find these.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Have n't they given you any any cream for your skin?
But have they given you any cream that you ca n't get other than through a doctor?
Cos i is it pre by prescription or di.
Ah well then.
Mhm.
Mm.
And she could n't give you any stronger than a certain level could she?
Wo n't give you Betnovate will they?
Is that on pre.
that's on prescription.
Yeah.
Has, has Betnovate got steroids in it?
I think that's the reason.
Oh dinners are starting being brought round dad.
Would n't say no!
What have you got?
Hydrocortisone cream.
Does does it do any good?
Oh.
Tony used to find, you know when he wears erm he used to have problems with yo he still has.
still has, did n't he?
He used to find that er.
change it every so often if.
you kept going u with it it seemed to lose its strength.
Or it seemed to lose its beneficial influ influence on your skin.
The old chap in the corner's got them.
Is it, is it the man that?
Granddad in the corner.
No that granddad.
Is that the old guy who's.
Oh.
No, it's a different one then.
Eh up!
Salad is it?
Is that for you, no?
Looks a good meal this.
Steak and chips I think.
An eight ounce steak chips side salad mushrooms.
Ca n't I tempt you with you that?
Ca n't I tempt you with.
that?
What?
A mixed grill.
Well, what we're having for a dinner for lunch I think we're having bacon and eggs and sausage and things like that.
A, a, a grill, a real good grill.
There you are!
Here you are!
Here's the food wagon.
Can they remember what you've.
Mm.
A smooth walk, have you noticed how she just glides across, there you are!
What have you got then?
Side salad.
And chips.
I'll just do this crossword.
I'll do your crossword for you.
Yep.
Ha!
Nice chips are they?
Bearable, attend.
No, I'm doing this!
I was doing that.
Oh!
Can I sit on the bed?
Not a am I allowed?
It's a bit of lump there.
That's Oh!
Oh!
There we are.
No, you're alright I would n't no would n't take a.
A dying man's chip!
Would you give your last chip or is it, would you give your last Rolo to me?
It looks, it looks good that!
I could smell something last night er.
No does it?
Oh.
That's.
Do n't know could be.
I'll have to have a.
I'll have a I dunno what she says is what it is apparently it's right across, right through is erm.
a blockage yeah it goes right across you, you've got you've got catarrh and I'm thinking you can only have catarrh if you've got a, you know if you had a real bad cold and or the flu or something but she said it's all in there.
I've got ta keep taking these things one a day.
Yeah, yesterday I could smell things first time for ages and ages!
But it's been doing that you see, it's coming at it's come and gone.
And when it's come it's usually been a case of you can smell something horrible like erm you know when they're emptying the slurries out in the pig farms.
But usually no ca n't smell anything there.
Does it smell then?
Does it smell good?
No, oh cos I ca n't smell anything.
The food tastes like to erm cardboard!
You know it's all it's all just one taste.
it's like a flat taste.
Yet last night I could taste erm er the food we had for tea last night and it's lovely when you can taste.
You just do n't realize that, but when it dri drifts away from you.
Cor!
You're enjoying this are n't you?
I dunno.
What on earth are you doing?
Taking the skin off?
You've done well.
There you are.
Ca n't you?
The skin off the tomato?
Nobody came, no.
Ooh a bit of roughage does you good then.
Maybe you should eat that knowing your complaint!
It looks good.
It tastes good.
By golly it does you good!
Oh yes!
Yeah.
Mhm.
Seeds just go down there.
Say it was sewage farms that's.
that's what they have you've got a.
drip on the end of your nose.
Oh, you've got a bit of a cold have n't you?
The poll tax, oh.
So he we came along dug the tomato plants up and took them home?
Oh.
What's supposed to be good for you?
It's got iron in it has n't it?
Something like that, plenty of iron.
That's why it's a green colour it's got iron in it.
Mm, yeah.
I hear you did n't have er, you did n't enjoy your liver the other day?
Ox liver or something is that right?
It was foul?
Pity that cos lamb's liver's beautiful is n't it?
Gorgeous.
Well I've never seen anybody carve erm a tomato before.
This, this noo noo nouveau cuisine.
Oh proper!
Bet the queen does n't do that!
No, I'll go back home and get some bacon and sausage and eggs, see to myself.
And I've got ta go in and do the budget and get the budget today.
Got to sort that out.
Got ta find this two and a half percent that has dropped us in it!
You know he's given us all seven and half.
and there's a two and half percent short fall that we've got ta fight so I'm gon na se see where I can get it from.
See which courses they can put round what and squeeze a bit of money out of it.
Good job they did n't give us more than seven and a half percent is n't it?
I think we'd have been right up the creek without the paddle!
It's very good at the actually oh!
Or they're pun they're pouring money into the countryside now forty five million, he's going in for these developments er to create a better countryside just announced this week.
I wonder why?
I wonder why?
It's the most considerate and caring government we've ev we've ever had over this last fortnight!
Right.
For how many years have we been told it's tax payers ' money do you remember Maggie and the tax payers ' money, it's like this animal somewhere called the tax payer but it came out of the wall as if we were n't one of them and that we had to look after the tax payers ' money.
What are they doing with my money now?
They're bribing people left, right and centre with it!
I object to that!
Mind you, I suppose if the others were in they'd do exactly the same thing would n't they?
I do n't think you should be allowed to tinker around with the with things like this say within six months of a general election and that's why they should have fixed term appointments.
Proportional representation.
Yeah, prov provided you do n't get like you have in Israel at the moment where you got ve ve very minor parties the religious.
parties that take about three, four percent of the vote but they have got far more sway over the government than their vote really.
It shows.
Well they're holding the government.
there.
Well i it is, they're building on the West Bank.
in, in wha what is Jordan really, not what was Jordan, what is Jordan they call it now, they call it the occupied territories it seems to clean it up if you call it that.
But these they've erm the religious parties you've got build there, you know we've got to expand Israel this is our homeland and if you do n't do this we're not going to support you.
And the Americans are saying if you build that we pull out our our, our aid to you.
It's, it's a bit like in Northern Ireland where you've got your the religious erm influence they've got somebody like Ian Paisley the strength of that man and his group.
phenomenal!
That a do n't you want your lettuce?
What's for pud do you know?
Oh it's a the trolley comes round is it and you choose?
The cheese trolley and the sweet trolley and the gateaux trolley!
No?
I think I'll, I'll go after you've had your sweet anyway cos otherwise mm, once I've had my dinner two be about three o'clock before I can get in to do this budget.
So I'll go after you've had your pud.
I'll have a word with the doctor.
I'll have a word with the doctor.
Is it, now with the two nurses there?
A physio by the looks of it.
You could still be in Monday could n't you?
You could still be in Monday.
I know you are.
I do n't think they'll send you out today.
I think the earliest you can go, be out now is tomorrow at the earliest!
Did they send you out on people out Saturdays and Sundays?
But this biopsy lab does it work through the weekend?
So i.
What are you going for?
Wow!
Bit of rice pud?
Jelly and ice cream.
Do you get erm do you get a balloon with it jelly.
and ice cream?
And a cracker?
I mean a cra Christmas cracker, you know jelly and ice cream, Christmas party.
You can have cheese and biscuits.
Oh Golly!
What more do you want?
You'll enjoy it, what do you want?
Yellow jelly.
You ready.
You got another spoon?
That looks good!
Looks good aye, yeah!
It's alright that.
Should have had Paul here.
Mm.
Why's that?
Aye, yes.
Guarantee the same portion every time.
That's your roughage.
Put ten ton of that stuff down you!
So they're orderlies are they that.
So I reckon tonight you're gon na get mother and Paula round.
Paula's a lot better he slept first time last night right through without.
getting up and coughing and wheezing and all the rest of it and they actually slept very well last night.
I think she down to five a day now five today is it?
What did she start on, was it nine or eight?
Whatever it was.
You know she's doing the count down little red things she's got that she swallows she's down to five, I think it's five.
I think Tony's made up his mind for which he's, school he's he's going to go to.
But the, well we should have the forms in completed today and in the post today but I think he'll go to Northgate.
The one down the road here.
I was impressed with his how he did n't disregard one you know.
you know out of hand, he did n't do it.
out of hand.
He, he balanced the strengths of one against another.
and what I was a really impressed with he, he balanced the, the human, what he felt were the human strengths of the school what it felt like you know, what the people were like in it and erm I think that's made his decision more difficult because he has n't just gone on the ec the academic side of it he looked at the, the all round aspects of it.
That's it, and where is he likely to feel most comfortable.
You know, which one is more like him.
You know yo you can be in the best place in the world but if yo if you do n't fit in, if you do n't feel right there you're not going to flourish are you?
And once he makes this decision he he ca n't after a year or two say well no that was wrong, I wo n't I'll er I'll change now because he's only got two years there.
So he's, he's really got to get it right from the word go.
But whether he will I hope he chooses right for him.
But it will be his decision.
Yeah.
He says, you know, what do you think and I say well look it's up to you and I put the question back to him and say well what do you think?
And that gets him talking then.
You've really enjoyed that have n't you?
You've had jelly, ice cream and and fruit, fruit cocktail.
What's for tea, have you any idea?
Wha have you chosen it?
You've got That's not bad.
Yeah!
Do n't they have a wine list with your menu?
So ideally when you come out is Sunday afternoon innit?
Is it two o'clock?
Get you a wee dram!
Go and see this.
Just nurses now.
They could be on their dinner.
Having their dinner.
Well I'll find out.
And I, I'll ask, if they do n't, they do n't know.
I can but ask.
Enjoyable.
What do you say?
Do you want me to ask for you?
Yep, okay I'll only be a minute.
No, erm just Mr is there any news about his biopsy?
Yes, just wondered if there's come.
through this morning.
Nothing at all?
When is he likely to be home then?
Yeah.
It's, yeah explained that to me, just wondering.
if there's any chance.
Okay then, thanks a lot.
Right thank you.
Thank you.
No news.
Nope, no news no.
Hopefully today she said.
Hopefully.
So when you're.
Now, is hopefully, today.
Hopefully today, that's all she said.
She said Mr explained everything that's all there was, you know there was nothing else.
And I said maybe you'd had heard between Mr.
and but no.
Never mind!
Never mind!
I think it'll be oh it's dinner time now they'll all be on their dinner, they'll all be on their lunch wo n't they?
Mm, yeah.
So the, the earliest you'll be home is tomorrow afternoon is n't it?
The earliest.
If not it'll be Sunday.
But if, if do if you do n't get it through this afternoon it wo n't be Sunday will it?
Er.
be Monday afternoon Tuesday.
Yeah.
I think that's what it'll be.
Anyway, better get off, okay?
Yeah, and er tonight no idea?
Most likely Paul and mother.
Might get the lads, you might get a pack of cards again and a did they leave you their cards?
Better give me a game gon na thrash you whenever I could of thrashed at whatever!
No, the crib board?
Mind you, you could use a piece of paper and erm.
what do you call it?
A pen.
Ca n't you?
Do you wan na quick game?
Give.
you a quick game.
You sure?
Give you a quick.
thrashing at crib!
First to sixty on the back of there.
Go on!
Get your cards out.
Ex expect to be thrashed!
Coming down there?
Right, ready?
I'm a demon at this!
Okay?
Fives two.
up a bit the volume is like on this way you put that up, oh we where's the gear stick do n't wan na get that turning with the gear stick.
You okay, right?
Yep.
It'll be okay.
That's oh ah well this is the last visit.
I mean at to hospital.
No, no.
We've got ta get over to the bungalow.
and rearrange the furniture in the bedroom to the way he wants it.
So that's gon na take a bit of.
lifting and the best thing the to do is to do it when your grandma's not there.
Otherwise.
Well, I think what'll happen tomorrow is one of two things, either your mum and grandpa will go to the hospital and pick grandpa up.
oh, must find this seat belt ca ca n't find it wo n't go in it's flashing at me saying I have n't got my seat belt, but I have or and we'll go off to Southwold.
and get the bedroom sorted out.
And we'll take with us whether it'll be yourself and me, or Tony and me or.
you sa the three of us but whoever it is it'll be with Philip as well.
so and we'll go in the Metro.
Yeah?
Your mum drives down to Ipswich.
picks up the picks up grandpa.
and takes him from the hospital up to Southwold.
So we we're there.
Can we just take that, take that spare cassette?
Otherwise it's gon na fly all over the place!
Keep hold of it.
Erm, we're there we're sorting that out the other thing is you see grandma will have to go shopping tomorrow.
So you'll ha she'll have to get this her supplies in her provisions.
The milk and the milk and the milk.
Yeah.
And then o over to the bungalow, now she'll either do that she'll do the shopping before we go off to the bungalow, maybe we'll pop down to Asda and.
and get it there then go back back home swap cars, pick up the Metro and drive over to Southwold.
If we do that we can only ta I can only take one other passenger along with your grandma and Philip so that could mean either yourself or Tony being at home.
staying at home.
oh yeah!
or going down into Ipswich with your mum and coming up with grandpa.
Told who?
No, she's gon na phone Felic up in New Zealand.
tonight because ten o'clock tonight here.
is New Zealand in the morning.
So if ten o'clock here is at night, it's ten o'clock in New Zealand excuse me!
In the morning.
They're.
twelve hours in front of us exactly are n't we?
Ten.
ten o'clock, ten o'clock.
Ten o'clock at night, ten o'clock in the morning.
So Felicity now, well yes, they'll just be getting getting up.
or opening her eyes.
So.
your mum's gon na phone Felic.
and she'll phone Anne she'll most likely phone Joan and the rest of them.
To le that the end is not nigh he's gone it's postponed.
He's tricked us again.
Stop.
playing with that!
That Champagne's gro growing what?
Poured over him?
I do n't think he'd appreciate that!
Poured down him, yeah but not over him.
Christ I've been up and down this road this week!
Not far off.
What a way to spend your holiday eh?
Oh yeah, could n't of been a better end!
This news is brilliant!
So he might get his wall built but he might have to wait a year before he starts it.
Yeah but.
I do n't think he'll be making it this year Paul.
He was within a a whisker of death!
Do you, he was as close to death if he had n't have gone in se to Ipswich and seen the specialist at the time he did er.
another day or two and that would have been it!
He was as close to death as that!
Yeah, his body would have just could n't have taken much more!
Well when when the doctor saw him on a fortnight ago this Friday today, a fortnight ago today the doctor phoned the ward and said have you got a bed I've got a man here who's be who is between myself and my curry dinner time and you could be saving two people's lives my life cos he was so hungry.
and your grandpa's cos he was so poorly.
You know, when people pull out in front of you on the road.
they you brake.
I do n't know why do it then and then drive slowly!
If they're gon na drive so slowly why do they.
make these.
crazy manoeuvres to nip in front of you and then drive like a snail!
Well I think when your mum went.
to see the family G P in Southwold I think that got things moving because I do n't they would have done anything, they'd have just accepted that this is the end, you know, he's gon na die in agony.
And when because the family doctor really know whe anything that was happening but was holding on the phone over the phone, oh he's got a pain you know.
Those painkillers you've ar are n't good enough.
Not, could you come out and have a look at the chap!
I think you just assume that if you give somebody painkillers and they do n't work, oh that's it!
That's the end of the story.
Bye bye to this world!
They failed to realize that you need it's your own body.
it's your own body and you have got some say in what happens to it, or what does n't happen to it.
And if you're not satisfied with what is happening or not happening you should say something but grandma insists that she must n't upset.
must n't upset the doctors.
ooh if you upset the doctors when you're ill, when you're really ill they wo n't let you into hospital!
Tha that's her attitude!
I do n't know what century it is but it's it's a crazy attitude!
Do n't, do n't upset them, do n't say anything, do n't!
Well this thing about this car.
it's been going on now for what?
This new car.
it's going on now for seven weeks.

Well I do n't know whether they'd get it but they do n't want to upset people, the fact that they've been really inconvenienced by not having it does n't seem to come into their thinking.
The only people they do n't want to upset are the people at the garage the fact that somebody is n't doing their job properly somebody's sitting on a form somewhere.
not making a decision.
and they're allowed to get away with that sort of gently what was it his cosy middle job could ta you know where you do n't make a decision where you everything around you is nice and cosy here if provided you do n't make a decision nothing will happen!
And if nothing happens it's even cosier!
And so it goes on and on and until somebody gives them a kick up the backside they'll continue like that forever and ever amen and a day!
And that's what your grandma does n't want to upset people like that.
in jobs.
in jobs like that.
No!
Well er I thi maybe, maybe.
that's typical of Britain!
We accept things.
That's where the Americans score over us.
they speak out, they're clear what they want, what they do n't want mind you they go over the top a little bit.
at times.
With the yahoos and the screams and the what's happening over there?
See it?
It's a breakdown I think.
Oh we'll have a game of crib tonight.
Well what do you fancy playing then?
just lose.
Well he beat me at dinner at erm.
at crib.
We had a game of crib at dinner.
What's happening here?
What's happening?
Seven and half tons is it weight limit?
Is this the new.
thing?
They're trying to relieve the congestion on this Norwich Road.
by trying to stop, yes.
Well they ca n't stop that one cos the bakery's here.
They ca n't stop the lorries coming over to the bakery cos the bakery's just on the road can they?
What do they do?
Do they have a chain of people or a conveyer belt going across the football fields?
With bread on it!
Everyone but them.
I wish they'd put more of the stuff on to the.
on to the rails.
The old Norwich Road entrance?
Because you'd have got a queue of traffic here, you'd have had a terrible junction.
here.
Just back up there.
We're not going into a car wash.
If you want.
I'll give you a bucket.
warm water, warm soapy water and a good sponge.
plenty of ho warm soapy water.
You can be the car wash.
You can be mister automatic himself.
Wisht!
We did n't!
You look at the back!
a.
It was n't the number plate, is was the whole of the back there, it did n't really clean the back.
There's a Christmas tree there.
See it?
The lights on that car like a Christmas tree.
Which library?
Yeah which.
he.
And you come out onto the main road?
The one runs across the.
oh, Crumpalls Road, yes.
I know where you mean but I ca n't.
I ca n't picture the shop.
A shop did?
Ever tell you about the erm a house Nottingham.
When I when I was learning to drive it was oh, right at the August, September time.
and this house facing the the part of Nottingham they call the forest it's it's not Nottingham Forest but it's called the forest, it's where they have the goose fair each year.
And it was one of a a long row of of Victorian I suppose semi er, semis or terraced, big houses, like these here bit.
like those.
okay?
But I do n't thi like these are detached or semi it was more like that, that's it, like that there.
long rows, but they're semis as well are n't they?
Anyway it was the type of house you looked into it and you expected to see cobwebs you know, sort of fustiness sor.
erm as if a window had never been opened for years and years and years that type of a house.
It had the feel of it this little garden you know, the doors, the paintwork everything about it it gave you that feel.
Ah home okay?
And.
erm I was driving past it learning to drive, concentrating like mad and the driving instructor er, said to me, and it was only the second what, second, third, fourth lesson, it was early on in the.
lesson he said to me just look at Christmas in that house!
And I'm concentrating on the road.
and the traffic and it's Nottingham and it's a busy place he said look at that!
Like a fool I looked!
Nothing happened, but.
I should never have looked and he should never really have said just look at that, oh aye!
Well well for years after it.
when I drove past that.
I used to look in there and there was the Christmas tree and the Christmas decorations and they're always up right through the year they never took them down!
So they're the first up with the Christmas tree decorations each year.
And the last.
down.
Twenty to eight.
Yes!
Yeah.
What was indigo?
Oh no, what the other one, the black knight?
That's right.
Oh no.
No.
Yep.
Oh the erm.
aqueducts.
And what was his reaction at the end of that?
Did he thump you?
Pardon?
Who does he know?
Who is pipping for?
He had a bit of a cold this morning.
Yeah.
His eyes were a bit watery, runny nose I hope it does n't start, if he gets home and starts with the flu ha!
That's all he'll need!
Poor chap!
Mm.
That's right.
They erm.
Pretty healthy.
Yeah, try and keep it down, chemotherapy.
Yeah.
Oh he's back?
What part of the periwinkle?
Which part of the periwinkle?
The what?
The petals?
Really?
How much periwinkle have we got round our back door?
A lot!
Are you.
periwinkle?
The flower periwinkle?
Not winkles the.
the mollusc?
We're doing well here!
Does n't take us long in the evening.
Traffic moves along smoother.
There seems to be as much traffic.
you see it always seems to re move more smoothly in the evening.
Pardon?
Ready for the weekend.
Maybe, maybe not.
Half term skiing.
Really?
Have you got.
plenty going?
Why's that?
Let's, just a minute let get this.
got stopped here.
Oh, and because it's going to gi go in to your.
coursework time?
Right.
What, does everybody go on the Edale visit as well?
Well and maybe that's the reason why.
Because you'll be going on two visits one to to the skiing and one to the Edale.
But the time, the sessions of your coursework you mean?
I do n't think they blare away as they come into the hospital.
They only.
they only put the sirens on erm when they want to cle clear a way through traffic.
But if there's no need to er, make a loud noise.
they do n't.
they do n't put er any sirens on.
And if a patient's really ill they try to keep it as smooth and fast a ride as possible.
So they do n't frighten them, you know, if you're lying there you're having a heart attack or you just had one the last thing you want to hear is sort of the noise of the siren, the panicking noise of a siren.
Well this is the last time this hospital we hope.
Your mum'll do the rounds tomorrow the the visits tomorrow pick him up.
That packing and the picking and the.
portering, pick, pack, porter!
There's a little bit of alliteration for you.
Eh?
Pick, pack, porter!
Have you taken your seat belt off?
If we have an accident the insurance is null and void!
Did you know that?
No?
What do you mean suppose so!
It's true so.
Mm, yeah.
Oh no, let's put this off.
Lock it.
I'll turn this off now.
It's halfway through.
it's got put my on.
Take it still no!
Oh!
How you feeling then, okay?
How's your cold?
Is it a bit better?
Still a bit rough?
Little bit.
a bit in the eyes a bit.
Yeah, you're a bit wet in the eyes.
Never noticed.
Never noticed.
Right so.
Ooh my God!
You.
It did n't quite hit the fan it did n't quite!
Aye, well erm Paula will be coming here I think in the morning.
I'll be taking the Metro mum's.
We'll do your bedroom for you okay?
Sort that out.
No.
But she says she has n't.
What she and she's done right.
So I'll do that so in the i.
But if he'll get it done, he'll get it done the next it's one less thing.
So they.
Do n't know yet.
I left them to sort things like that out.
She wants, she wanted me tonight to do your packing for you.
Your packing.
Yes.
I think she showed us how to do.
No she said I'm not doing that.
I said Paula can do that when she comes tomorrow.
Bring a bag with her.
And there's no I'll come I'll do it for him!
That's it.
But she said no I'd better come tomorrow with Paula as well.
Paula said yeah, Paula said er I think I could I could, you know.
But I'd nothing.
So she's going to Southwold to Philip the Metro and me.
Now but Paula Paul will come with us or Tony or whatever Paul and Tony can come with Paula okay?
I have a feeling you'll have one of these two, yeah.
Well it's gon na take you longer, it's gon na take them longer.
to come here pick.
up your stuff.
sort yourself out, say cheerio and the rest of it here.
all on, all on here I suppose really, cheerio, cheerio and the rest.
of it and then get up the A twelve.
so it's gon na take you.
it's gon na take longer, by the time I leave Southwold.
If we leave about together.
Cos I do n't think.
It takes us about forty minutes to get there.
It'll take.
by the time we've had our third cup of tea yo you might be leaving here.
I dunno.
It takes ha about twenty minutes, half an hour to get here.
No, it only takes me about forty minute, no hold on!
Er forty min.
Forty minutes plus five minutes.
Yeah.
And you've got all the shenanigans.
of here.
Well you got your pyjamas, you got your glasses, you got.
Got your Polo, you got your.
Just be patient!
A mu.
and do as your told!
Who said that?
Yeah.
Mm.
Mm.
Oh Matt has n't made his decision then?
I told mother he had!
She thought.
Well you play along with that then right?
Okay?
The big the big.
Right.
How will you get here?
Will they expect you to drive down?
Or will it be by.
Oh!
News about the car as well.
Yeah.
Today?
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
No you're not ready for that, you've sat in here for two weeks!
Yes.
Takes it out of you.
Oh you could n't no it's no good.
Na no could n't of done that!
News about the car!
He had a phone call back from the garage.
today second week in March.
Oh he went, he went to tell him he's got his.
Did I tell you earlier what I thi what I think it is, is these quotas, these monthly quotas.
Philip says oh yeah, here you go but he's, on Monday he's going to phone up the mobility people.
yeah, but is that the D H S S?
Well is it separate.
departments completely?
And er, he's going to phone them up Monday and see what's happening.
It's.
When did he when did he choose the car?
But when he did say yes I'll have that one and so on and that.
January?
Early January or late January?
Middle of January, that's what I'm sa that's two, six, eight weeks it's going to take!
Eight weeks.
But is is that usual though, so they usually take a form up for this mobility thing?
Oh it do n't look too bad, it's three out.
Because there's I wish you'd shut up about you and your royalty!
Royalty!
If it was royalty.
If he was royalty he'd have it done in a day!
Royalty do n't apply for!
Anyway er, so that's what's happening there.
Said about a fortnight you might, you might have this new erm this new car.
That's right!
What colour was it that he chose?
Metallic silver is it?
Have you seen it boy?
No?
Have you seen it?
Is it a dark metallic silver?
Oh it's not like that.
it's not like that Paul's pointing to.
is it?
Yeah.
Yeah, maybe.
Yeah.
Yep.
She wo n't sleep tonight.
First thing she said was I'll have to get my.
How many?
Well.
I think have somebody had er half suggested it and then said oh no, that's a daft idea!
She'd have taken it!
She'd have followed the hunt and.
Somebody had been shopping with her now.
So it's Paul Paula's erm.
back there.
Bread.
Well we had the ham we've had that tonight she's bought that.
Yeah.
The thing is, Paula said I ca n't see what she really wants to shop for because just before.
she came to us Paula took her up to Safeways Safeways in Carlton Colville and she said she did an enormous shop.
took it all took it.
Yeah, yeah.
I know, well she's gon na fill that up again.
And jus just, just for the shopping?
Just for the four pints of milk each.
week?
Or each each weekend.
Well.
It's every other day, four pints?
Per day?
Yeah.
Per week?
You're doing well then keep them your farmers happy!
That's fourteen, twenty six.
Eh, I've been there I've been there and there and there's eight nine pints sitting around!
Yeah.
She must have shares in Daisy!
Yeah she put four pints in does she?
Yeah.
Yeah, this is it.
We we had a great thing tonight at tea did n't we?
What did we.
have tonight, at tea?
What was that?
No.
on the table.
Oh but the what?
Everything!
It's the novelty.
And he pointed it out, this brother ooh look he's finished, he's eaten everything!
And he'd left more on his plate and.
Philip had all these bits so so Philip got all got all the bits and and eat them and Paul got all his bits so we had six clean plates! thing, not a thing thrown away.
How about that?
Ah!
Chicken, ham and leek pie.
sweetcorn, broccoli.
they looked, they're this.
scallop, yeah with the skin on.
Erm I think that was it.
We had four.
four or five scallops.
and a chicken roll.
Oh well, after it.
No we had rice pudding after it, Tony had his ri hates rice pudding, so had cold rice pudding!
I had that, it was lovely that, Paul had it hot.
Never had cold rice pudding.

Lovely!
It's really refreshing!
Beautiful!
Gorgeous!
Put some ketchup on, tomato ketchup, oh ho!
Stir it up, stir it up, oh oh!
Better than jam!
Oh, it's been different!
If nothing else it's been different!
Different start to the year.
Yeah.
You look tired again.
You look full of a.
cold.
All day?
You're too excited!
Mm, gets into you.
You did n't?
I should of brought you a drop of the hard stuff then ah, and got you.
He had a doctor in this morning?
Oh God!
He's forty five or sixty five?
What about erm these little going away gift do you want them do you wan na get some choccies for them or.
Yeah!
Well you Pa Paula thought you know, if you come back when you're erm what do you call it?
Your outpatients visit.
er it's when you're gon na bring it then?
It's up to you.
If you said tonight, you know, what you want to bring for them.
or whether you want to leave it until as an out patient.
Yeah.
This one?
Could do,.
Oh!
Oh he's been asleep, yes!
Right.
You take that back with you a souvenir!
So what else has happened?
Paula went into school this afternoon well today.
She's.
Yeah.
had a cha had a chat with Mary.
Mother.
Mary came back.
And er.
had a good talk and erm.
And that chap, you know the chap that's doing the doors in Paula's school?
He was in today they were n't.
Paula was just saying he was in there doing, doing the doors, whatever doing the doors meant you know whether he's actually putting them on or he's ba is he, is he just putting them straight into the existing.
framework?
Ah well he'll he's not helped putting the doors in then.
He was doing that.
Got the budgie today.
Whether sh, oh my God!
I thought we we were bo we were go.
I thought we were gon na do better this year than last year cos we got more children but it's like wo working,.
Tight as a duck's backside!
Where money is.
Yeah.
bang!
Bang!
Cos he'll be self-employed.
Course, that's the only way he can get.
And you have.
With all this with all his persons and the self same.
It is as opposed to quality.
Yeah yeah.
and er.
I mean I can see a typical lot of people at a time.
you know, I mean if if you were self-employed like that if you do n't keep up the standard and.
you're on.
keep your standard.
and you soon get in arrears you know!
I mean I used to have a good go at keeping up your standard in my but er.
have to keep it up.
And you had to keep up with their er thinking tactics.
And er I was pe I was paying I was still paying er five years after I'd finished!
And I mean.

Pardon?
Mm mm should of tried to you know, my collective one.
for the last forty years.
and either pay it all in one I asked if I could pay it do so much, you know so much a year.
years, yeah.
Well the income tax is fairly easy it's the VAT that you've got to watch they're.
the ones, the va VAT!
Yeah VAT people.
Yeah?
No!
The income tax.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Mm.
And if you're not.
and you.
and they do n't they do n't bet it's a than they are.
Yeah it's nice.
Very smart.
I'm gon na sleep tonight.

Yeah.
No, you're alright.
Can you get a box tonight?
Yeah but not to not to cos you.
No, it's only wine that I want.
No, just a glass.
And, and.
I mean we can wait but they wo n't mind which is which.
And then I'll keep the other one.
This gets in the way.
Well why do n't you get a top and trim?
It's gon na be more now!
Yeah.
Anyway, you're best not to do it.
because er you'll have to get mother settled.
But you're having.
well I know you've been good.
Mm.
Which floor are you sleeping on?
That.
You're stupid you are!
You're stupid!
Then there's Paul!
A what?
Pedal.
Not plan?
It's.
Yeah.
Te technical drawing?
I ca n't think of that!
Ooh no!
It wo n't come to me.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I can see it.
I can see the cabinet.
you keep them in you do n't say technical drawing cabinets you say.
Says something to her face!
A helmet.
Well that's a helmet!
Yeah, well this this is the name.
Ooh.
That would be operate.
Gauntlet.
Er.
Near enough.
Yeah.
Well where's well where's erm where's this testicle drawing?
I think.
That's if.
Yeah.
Well that's I N G S rings erm.
Yeah.
Mm.
Eat them up ca take the box.
Do n't wan na take them back with you?
Atom.
Do you want a er.
Take a few with you.
Have a mix.
No.
Written one!
I'm lying here.
I have n't.
he wants to talk with me.
Put those in the.
You can take those with you.
last night.
I ca n't, I ca n't see if.
What?
Yeah, but that light's not for the light.
What you got ta do is like that.
Eh?

Where did you get that from?
Well take it back.
Got a pair of socks?
Got a pair of socks.
Underwear?
You've no underwear?
Ah!
Right.
So what's that for what tablets have you got to have?
No.
Seen what's on the cup on the mug?
Rear right.
So there's nothing you want tomorrow other than your the bottles?
No, it's a, an R in it, it's about drawings.
No, it's an L like the letters.
That's right.
Number sixteen is something like gleam rings or no?
Plead means a place rings R A N C E.
what about R A N C E at the end?
No space.
Something R A N C E like tolerance see.
Mhm.
What on earth's up?
Pamphlet there's only two letters missing out of pamphlet, two out of out of five we've got three first one, the middle one, the last one.
Which one?
T, what about that letter?
Oh no, ca n't be that.
Pamphlet.
Pamphlet.
Mm.
Mm.
T E.
T and taste taught.
You must capitulate the word so yeah, surrender's right.
Trying to capitulate.
What time do you want her in the morning?
If you name a time just so as.
Now that does n't mean eight.
o'clock does it?
No.
Any time after ten.
Right did you hear that Paul?
Any time after.
to ten.
So she leaves about ten she'll be here some time after ten wo n't she?
Oh it'll take us a couple of minutes!
It wo n't take twenty minutes!
Get behind them and push them.
Well what I was gon na do is just sort of.
nudge them round.
Pardon?
Ar are they joined together?
They're separate?
Well that's a doddle that!
Easy!
And you're not bothered if we go in front of the light switch.
at all?
You hear that?
Sockets on the wall?
And you want your bed head so it loo looks towards Philip's room?
Int there?
You have it either way?
Is there any.
Is the is there anything else you want in there?
And television brought in?
Television.
Could lo could loan you our portable could n't we?
We've not used it yet!
Well but.
they have it was on one night.
You get up in the morning and it's erm what do you call it?
It's a radio put the radio on.
Yeah.
I'm not so addicted to a television as to need that, oh far from it.
What's that then?
What is it?
Malted milk?
Horlicks.
Horlicks.
I thought you were gon na be an Ovaltiney again!
That's all she was gon na do, that's all she was.
gon na bring.
Right.
Have n't got a jacket have you?
Mind you, the car will be warm.
The car will be warm.
I think she'll want to come up.
So you want we want whisky.
one.
No, no whisky, one.
erm.
What else for you was it?
Do you want left handed ones or right handed ones?
She's nice she is.
Whisky, wine.
Whisky, wine, carriers what else?
Erm I dunno!
Is there anything else?
Socks?
Right.
You've got your erm.
bedroom slippers?
No!
You've got a pair of shoes here have you?
No, you do n't need them.
Ah yeah.
So we get your you got your you got them you do n't need underwear you got your shirt, you've got a pullover, you've got trousers.
trousers so that's it then!
Oh I do n't need that, I thought we were gon na have a long, a long list.
Whisky, wine.
Keep you warm.
What's that?
All that stuff I brought bring that back with you.
Bring that back with you there.
How many bottles are there?
No, wo n't take it now we'll take it tomorrow.
You might be grateful of that.
What have you, tins as well?
Seven tins and three bottles.
No.
Three, three carrier bags then.
Oh, what am I doing!
Three carriers, whisky and wine right, got it!
Nah!
No.
Fill them up.
What a thought!
He had an accident in bed, yeah.
Because.
Yeah.
So there's nothing else is there?
Done very well!
Na no thanks.
I ca n't taste anything again today it's gone.
Smells gone and ev can you smell it?
Does it smell?
Can you smell anything?
There's something there.
No thanks dad.
No, I do n't like that!
I do n't like that!
I do n't like that!
You do n't like hot milk?
An Ovaltiney!
Ha does you good!
It's good for you!
Mm.
You see.
Yeah.
That's why you end up with nine pints is it?
Twenty seven P.
Twenty seven and a half P.
You save seven and a half P a pint.
Four pints.
you save thirty P, you see you've nearly the cost of your.
your third pint.
You see yo.
That's right.
Yeah.
Mm, yeah and now it's thirty five.
Do you know di.
What crisis?
Which crisis?
We have n't had an oil crisis!
Have we?
There was n't an oil crisis!
It was n't a crisis!
The oil excuse!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, yeah, yeah!
Yeah.
Mm.
Did you know that the people who sell the milk, the dairies that sell a bring it round to you did you know, not many people know this!
Did you know.
No.
That they are allowed to sell it to shops to shops cheaper than they are allowed to sell it to you.
There's a minimum charge they can sell it to yo individual customers.
but they can sell it to shops, a crate of it to shops cheaper than than they can sell it so that means.
bu.
No, no the shop could use it then as a as a loss leader he could make say, a penny on it an ge so if he buys it at, you're buying what, thirty five?
I think they can buy it at twenty eight.
So if he sells it thirty, just, he wo n't even cover his overheads on that but it means instead of having it delivered you go down to Joe's shop get it for thirty P save yourself five P.
Now is n't that crazy?
Now, the regulations that control that, that decide that are absolutely barmy!
Because they're encouraging the people who are providing the business to go out of business.
Are n't they?
Then actual consequence of it.
No.
So do you ever, do you have any delivered?
At thirty five P a pint?
And you get your er.
and you get your other milk from the supermarket.
when you go shopping?
Why do n't you get say, two four-pinters on a Monday or whenever you go shopping.
and then.
She's got.
Ah.
Oh he delivers those as well does he?
Yeah.
He delivers those as well?
So you're paying for a service really are n't you?
Mm.
You're not just paying for milk.
You're paying for the two things you're paying for the opportunity.
you're paying for the opportu by that chap coming round.
and doing that you're paying for the opportunity of having erm other services.
like bread.
yoghurt.
Oh it's like that is it?
Yeah.
Fish and chips!
Do n't Paul!
Yeah.
Mm leave him a little note.
I think we'd better go Paul.
You're getting a bit restless.
I think he ca I think he came tonight for a game of cards that's all he came.
for!
Truth is known if the truth is.
Twenty ones.
Well we play, we play for millions of pounds!
You do n't go pennies, you go sort of ten thousand pound or half a million on this one now!
I'll buy one for half a million pounds!
And if the stakes look right, right how much do I owe you?
Fourteen million!
Right.
I'll have the next card for fourteen million!
Oh surely not!
Twenty eight million!
I do n't know.
No.
It, it goes click and it's stopped.
Right, do you want us to take anything.
tonight?
What's that?
The books?
No, right do n't do that again!
The books.
Liquorice Allsorts.
Mints.
It's a pity nobody ever brought yo brought you grapes cos I like grapes.
Sherbet le these are the ones I got him!
Did he give you those?
I was told to get you all stu tangy stuff.
Tangy drinks, tangy.
I was looking for these and you got drunk and eat them!
Oh never mind!
Do you want those leaving?
You want the books going.
the cards, the get well.
what else?
Well your glasses case you do n't want them going do you?
Oh your glasses are in there, right.
And the and the clock, wo n't you need a clock for tomorrow?
Oh you've got that one have n't you?
You can get up at six o'clock in the morning see what time it is ca n't you?

They do n't wake you up at six o'clock dad!
Six o'clock?
Every everybody?
Are you awake?
No, go away!
Oh, what's that, thermometer?
Yeah.
And five minutes after that.
Cup of tea.
Ooh, I'd want.
a cup of tea right as right away, ooh ooh!
At six o'clock in the morning.
Oh then breakfast eh?
Straight.
Yeah.
So what time do they, do you have your breakfast then?
Eight o'clock you get a bit of.
Get off yo get it off your beard.
So you get your breakfast when, eight o'clock?
And then you get a cup of tea at ten.
So you want this lot shifting now?
Okay Paul?
And a.
and one, two, three.
Three carriers.
No I do n't.
Thre whisky, wine, three carriers we'll sort that out.
Okay Paul?
Are you ready?
Just that one?
Yeah it's recording.
Is he recording?
What the machine?
Oh!
Really?
Just one car is it there?
Ambulances being able to get in and out.
Well that's a hopefully that's our last visit.
Hopefully.
that's the last major thing that happens to him.
It's a tight bend that!
Is n't it?
Do you think he was lucky?
I do n't think he was lucky!
He was fortunate in that he had the right doctor at the right time in the right so hospital.
the right expertise around him.
He had n't had those how they.
It would have depended on which hospital he'd have been sent to.
Erm if he'd have stayed at Southwold Hospital he would have died!
They could n't have coped with it, no!
What they've done with him there is remarkable!
The skill the level of skill.
No, I think I've got some at at home Paul.
Oh!
If you have n't got a bottle of whisky at home or I'm sure your mum can get one on the way in way in tomorrow ca n't she?
Have you?
Have you got a cold starting?
Everything I do.
I do n't know how you can be so tired when you only get up at half past ten in the morning!
Pardon?
What do you want to do tomorrow?
Do you want to come over to the bungalow and sort this bedroom out or.
You want to go to the hospital?
Okay.
Well we'll see what Tony wants to do.
If you both wa if you both would rather go to the hospital you ca n't do that.
One of you will have to come with me.
Flick a coin?
Pardon?
Really?
No.
Will you blow your nose you're going to give yourself a real bad chest!
A really bad chest!
Well at your age you should have a hankie with you, you should n't have to be told!
It should be there.
But you do n't have to be told to put your socks on do you?
No.
Well, we'll see what see what Tony says.
Then if you both want to go to the hospital you ca n't somebody will have to be either graciously accept to go over and get the bedroom sorted.
or ungraciously have.
to toss a coin!
That's a.
Oh it's the red button on that recorder.
but black the orange light's shining on the red button made it look black.
Have a look at it.
Do n't press it but just have a look.
See it?
Mm.
Mm.
Because the lights are.
Ultra violet?
Whi a bluey white?
But is n't ultra violet blue?
A blue light?
But the lights are n't blue.
They've got a blue hue to them, a blue tinge to them but the lights are n't blue lights are they?
Does it still look like a runway to you then?
Pardon?
Everything that I do The other night when we came back the streets were deserted.
The night of the F A cup replay.
Watching it or listening to it on the.
Was it on, I think it was on Sky or something.
Sky T V so they were either watching it on their own or being very neighbourly with their neighbours or listening to it on the radio or as you say, up in Liverpool.
Pardon?
It is a pity though winning two one, being being up two one and then.
Yeah!
And then losing three two.
Yeah.
If only, if only!
I think Des Allan,.
Who?
The.
Was he?
For how long?
Pardon?
Pardon?
Say that again!
Did you know that if a man.
jumps off the top of Big Ben.
wearing a tweed jacket.
he'll hit the ground in eight and a half seconds!
Not many people know that!
Mm!
Not many people know that!
Nah it's right innit!
Ha!
It's thirty, it accelerates at thirty two feet per second.
per second.
does n't it?
Oh yes!
Yeah.
Yeah, so if as you're falling from a great height.
Okay if the theory is, if you dropped a feather and a penny at the same time from the same height the theory is that they both should reach the ground.
at the same time.
but in fact they do n't.
Yeah, so if.
there's a.
it tends to float down a bit.
Just hold on to your seat belt I've got somebody right up our backside!
Oh he's dropped back a bit.
I thought we were going to have a visitor in the boot.
He's right.
right up behind us.
Well never mind.
He just got a lot closer than that.
A lot closer than that that's.
and at a guess is it Ford?
No it's not.
It was n't a Ford it was Japanese.
It's a funny shaped Ford Granada that Paul!
I thought we were going to have a visitor coming in through the back door.
Yeah he was close I do n't know why.
He was very close!
Here we go!
It's a nuisance that, is n't it that?
It's only happened, you know when the windscreen went all the bubbles appeared.
on in, in, in the laminates alright well when they took the windscreen out and replaced it with this one it's only since then that repair.
that this has started to creak and crackle.
And one good crack with the back of your hand sorts it out for a couple of minutes.
Pardon?
It's in the back there whatever it is that's bouncing around.
Pardon?
Shove!
Faster and faster.
I saw bits of it, I was talking with your grandpa today about that.
Pardon?
Oh that's why I came up was n't it?
You know.
Yes.
That's the bullet?
Those.
it was shot by compression rather than explosion.
Yes.
Explain it again you've lost me already.
Yep.
Why was there gunpowder?
It was an actual gun?
An ord.
A rifle?
Forty metres!
So it was a gun that was only, you'd only find it in a building?
It is n't an, an.
actual gun that you'd see.
somewhere?
So it's ju it's purely.
experimental?
It exploded.
the bullet moved away from it.
They shot a cylinder away?
A solid cylinder?
But a cylinder is empty!
A ce it was cylindrical but it was solid?
Yeah.
But it, but as it went.
through, through the gas, yeah?
So the cylinder fixed tightly inside the barrel like just as if.
it was.
a bullet?
Yeah.
Now what hits the plate?
The gas or the bullet?
Okay.
What's the point in putting the hydrogen gas.
Go on.
Yep.
It gains, it gains momentum.
Mhm.
And they've only got it to seven?
Do they think they can get it up to fifteen?
And what's the purpose of it?
At fifteen kilometres a second?
Because of the danger of space things in space being hit by debris and the the debris is travelling at fifteen kilometres a second?
Yeah?
A flake of paint?
No metal attached to it?
Just a flake of paint.
Is, is, yes it's, it's, that's doing it.
So how much junk, garbage, rubbish.
whatever is up there.
Is it in one particular area or is it just scattered.
That's stupid is n't it?
Why do n't they collect it together then?
This is crazy!
It's waiting for an accident to happen!
Because if one of, not just a flake of paint if something bigger than that.
a piece of a rocket or.
a bolt or a nut or something.
it would really damage it would n't it?
Oh my God!
So, are the plans afoot to collect this rubbish?
Are we go ar are we going to have dustbin men orbiting the world?
Ha?
Waiting for a Christmas tip!
That's a thought is n't it?
Maybe there's an industry in the fu er, for the future there Paul?
Seriously!
Refuse collection.
Orbital Cleaning Services!
Refuse refuse collection of the world world out of this world, we're out of this world!
We're.
Oh, said he could drive back, I do n't think he might be able.
to but I do.
I think it would erm that would set him back Paul that really would.
Do n't play around.
with that!
Well it's good that!
It's.
it's important he's feeling he wants to do things.
When the wardrobes are moved it could be that they will hide the wall light switch and he's not bothered about that one little bit!
Because it does n't, as he says he does n't use the main light in the room he uses the bedside lights okay?
Good!
He just does n't want it on!
So i it does n't come into it that!
Okay?
Right.
Pardon?
Small room?
Yep.
Out tomorrow!
Has n't he done well?
Pardon?
Mm.
But the others that have got the.
cancers I think you'll find that what they're doing with them ar a lot of those cancers will be cured.
Yes.
Well, if you find a universal cure for something that's what it.
means!
I do n't know.
Ah but that's the simplistic.
side of it, er all it is is that.
It's what triggers it and what causes it to keep triggering and moving that and.
going out of control.
What and if we can find out what it is that does that.
and then.
and then find.
and then find what it's what we can do to stop it triggering and carrying that reaction on and on and on and on or turning it back.
If that makes that happen that way what makes it go the opposite way?
You know, what makes it reduce?
In safety, that is.
Cos you might find you give somebody something erm which counteracts that.
but then because it's going into the body it's also counteracting so many other things that you do n't want it to counteract.
Yeah.
Right, come on then.
Can you bring in all those things out of the back?
Please?
The sweets, the books the lot, everything he's just given us.
Do n't leave anything behind.
Have you got the lot?
Three carriers, whisky and wine that was it.
And wild, wild women!
Close the door properly.
Three carriers bottle of whisky bottle of wine.
Bottle of wine.
They're his thankyous.
He's getting ready.
He's given them to us that's why!
No I'm not.
Well he's no once I'm home.
Whisky, wine erm.
Well he, he asked the nurse and the nurse said obviously said we do n't care for anything like, we do it for the good of you.
And he said said yes.
I know you do it for the good of us but I still like to to buy you something as a thank you.
So she said well and he said whisky?
And she said, oh no not that much, you know not, not that, no, no I want to, says well oh no, how about wine?
We like wine.
So he said yeah, alright wine and then he said and whisky.
So, I'll see I'll see what I've got down here in here.
No you wo n't!
It's our thank you as well.
I'm not being daft it's a fact!
It's our thank you as well.
Erm he's cold.
yeah, he was a bit tired.
No, his cold from this morning, he had a drippy nose remember?
Yeah.
Er, his eyes were a bit full, you know, you know when somebody's.
sickening for a cold erm.
God, they're not worried about that!
They've got all his tablets sorted for him for coming home.
You know, what he'll have.
dosage, frequency so on.
Erm he did n't say that that'll all be no doubt he'll have all sorts of notes and that er.
Any, any time after ten o'clock he said.
Any time after ten.
No, he said do n't break your necks he said any time after ten.
I said, about eleven?
Yeah whatever time.
He said but whatever you do do n't come before ten.
Okay?
Aha!
Is Paula upstairs?
Yeah?
Any time after ten.
Okay?
Erm three carrier bags.
Yep.
Well I did n't bring he did n't sleep.
last night he said.
I do n't know!
Just did n't sleep last night.
And three carrier bags bottle of whisky bottle of wine.
They're the gifts they're the thankyous.
Okay?
Oh he said, he said he just, he's just gon na leave them.
I think the wine will definitely go to the nurses and the whisky will go to whoever wants to have a drink of whisky.
So it'll be never know, you might get some happy doctors!
Erm what else?
He asked the nurse.
She said wine, he, she suggested whisky and oh no not that much then, oh no you're worth more than that, you know the usual thing to.
Yeah.
Erm his, his cold looks as though it's settling in his eyes.
you know it's what else?
Erm we did n't play cards he was a bit he was okay but he was obviously he's finding it hard at times.
Staying with it you know, he's tired.
Do n't look, there's no need to look like that!
He was just.
he was tired, he's got this cold coming on but he said you can be in here so long but after a while you feel as though you've got to come out, you need to get out!
You know he, and he's at that point now.
where he needs to get out.
Which is fair enough.
Alright, yeah?
Has er Tony phoned?
Cos he said he'd phone back.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Have you explained?
What.
why?
Oh!
Right.
Yeah okay right.
Yeah.
Yes.
Oh that's what I did n't bring back from school!
Computer for Tony.
I'll have to.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
Mhm.
Pounds?
Yes.
Which schools are the is it the high schools they're getting into in the Midlands?
What about the pri they wo n't be do going into the primaries will they?
Yeah.
Is this a realistic target he's setting at five thousand?
He thinks they'll be able to.
Yeah.
Mhm.
You're joking?
There just might be too many people there.
Yeah.
Well we've got to we've got ta go there sort this bedroom out.
Does n't matter.
Does n't matter Paul, they say i i.
in a place like that Paul people are coming and going all the time.
Well let's hope we do n't have to go back!
Er no.
Unopened?
Yeah?
Erm yeah he's okay, he was he's in good spirits.
He's looking to getting out of the hospit looking forward to a, a change.
of of scenery and so on.
I was thinking you know he's go I do n't know how long he's gon na be cooped up in that bedroom.
you know, how long.
and getting up and that would it be worthwhile buying him.
Buying him one?
Not ge you know just.
To whom?
To whom?
When?
What was their reaction?
Really?
your mum does n't she?
That's a simple one she said.
That's what I was thinking.
No.
No.
The only thing is he's gon na find being a lot of tensions there.
Once the erm initial ecstasy of being home has is over.
Er.
I do n't know how long that'll take for it to be over, whether five minutes or fi.
or ten hours.
Pardon?
From them you know ma that she's got over the ecstasy of, yes he's coming home?
She's not looking forward to it?
No?
Right.
She's been saying that?
And what and surely you did n't just say nothing to that?
Did n't you tell her that was a bit unfair?
You can tell her, I'm afraid that's what you need to do!
No, no, no, the longer you the longer you let something like that ride.
Ah well no that's.
Yep.
Yeah but what I'm saying is when she says things like that I think you've got to be clear and honest with her.
And it, it is n't a personal thing on his part it's no not going shopping or driving her here there and everywhere because he he, he, he er er he does n't want to it's just that he's incap he will be incapable of doing it.
Sh surely she understands that?
Well, in New Zealand.
We we, we, we'll.
waffle.
Potato, you can make out of potatoes.
Ah oh no!
You know like mashed potato?
You know, you know when you're on.
make those toasties?
You know the toasties?
If you make them you can make a waffle with mashed potato.
instead of bread gril yeah, grilled it, fry it type of potato.
Grilled, fried.
They are erm I wo I would n't call it he.
I would n't call it healthy eating.
You know, it's alright but if you just eat waffles, it's like just eating chips!
Sooner or later you're gon na say that's not healthy eating.
Okay?
You phoned.
up Ann?
Paula?
Paula?
Paula?
Paul, shush!
You phoned up Ann, Paula?
Joan?
Joan?
No, you can give her a ring later.
There's no rush for that one now.
Is this, is this New Zealand.
Whe where's the number?
One.
Shush shush!
Is that one?
One.
What's the name of the family?
Ah, well you.
wo n't it takes ages.
to get through!
Twelve hours.
What time is it now?
Twenty five to ten, it's twenty five to ten there but in the morning.
Is it ringing?
Let me try it.
Yeah.
O one O just gets you out of the country.
Is New Zealand six, four?
O one O!
Yeah got that.
Is it nineteen next?
Where's your nineteen in there?
In that list?
Have you got a nineteen?
Sorry, you have dialled incorrectly!
It's telling me.
there's a in there.
Auckland, yeah.
So it's not?
That's why.
O one O.
nine.
then it'll be the area code wo n't it?

Scrub out that one.
It's ringing!
There we are round the other side of the world!
Chin up!
Is it clear?
From different parts of the.
lump.
As was the first.
It's a reaction to it.
Similar to his.
Sh.
She can celebrate in whisky!
With whisky!
Twenty five to.
What's the weather like?
What's the.
It is here.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Mm.
Slightly it's got to be.
It ca n't be instant.
I it th this is easier to get than Romania!
I, she she's hobbling through!
The old woman!
New Zealand.
Shut up Shut up!
Here si sit down!
Oh!
Here's Arthur!
Hello, here's Arthur.
How are you?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, he's a, he's an old fraud is n't he?
Really?
Nothing more than ol bloody, old bugger!
No, ah so that's right I've sworn into, I've sworn into the Pacific how about that!
Did you have a good flight?
Did you have a good flight?
Yeah.
Great lovely!
Right then.
Well yeah, well.
Yeah, I'll see you, go back to bed!
Enjoy yourself.
Oh I know you have a.
I've.
I know I a I know I have n't got you up.
At the moment?
Erm it's ju twenty to ten.
Twenty to.
Yep.
No I.
No, oh you've had it!
Hey, must of ee ee, wha what's it like?
Is.
Oh alright, in that case I'll stay up!
Oh but i we never pay the bills!
Right, I'll see you Fliss, I'll see you love!
Okay, right thanks bye!
Bye!
Yeah, will do, thanks, bye!
Bye!
Bye!
God innit clear?
All tho.
I swore in the Pacific!
How about that!
Brilliant.
It's right.
Mm.
Good old B T!
Oh that smells good!
Does she know?
Have you told ha you?
Oh is that that steak I got the other night?
Is it all in there?
All the steak in there?
Mm, they'll.
enjoy that!
No!
Grandma's having this tomorrow.
You'll enjoy this grandma wo n't you?
This steak and onions?
Have you smelt it?
It's for you tomorrow!
I think you should as well.
Aye, leave it at home Paula!
Yeah I like that!
Yeah.
Yo your mother wo n't like that!
Shh!
Will you.
will your grandma like that?
I think we'll have a celebration tonight, now.
Oh I can!
Ah oh, what shall we have?
Let's have a.
look erm.
erm, eeny meeny miney mo!
No, not that one.
Hold on, there's a nice whisky somewhere!
Cor!
Has it been opened cos we're going to need one for the.
Lou's got my other bottle of whisky.
Let it cool down first.
Oh, let it cool down first.
And you always turn this off, this.
Oh, your feet are killing you!
Well you should n't have ironed!
No.
no sympathy for you at all!
None at all!
A Glenfiddich.
I'll have that Jim Beam that'll do.
It never has?
Oh I'll have to take that tomorrow.
No, I'll have the Jim Beam thanks.
It's foul stuff, it gets in your mouth!
Have n't you ever noticed that?
Whisky gets right in your mouth!
Ho!
Ho!
Ho!
No.
No.
What you on about?
Oh!
I thought you were on about your husband coming out of hospital!
Bu bu wha wha wha wo wo.

Mm, you wo n't like this Paul!
It is n't a nice one actually.
No!
No you're too young!
No, you're too young!
You can ask as much as you like and the answer will be no!
No, it's not fortunate, not wine!
No!
It's just the.
It's the pile of it, yeah.
It's that long.
It's a.
a deep pile.
It's like that.
Over here will do the same.
Yes.
What do you want then mother?
What would you like?
Would you like some of that brandy?
Medicinal?
Mhm.
Do you want some medicinal?
I'll get you some medicinal.
Oh, you're always allowed medicinal.
You be careful!
Medicinal.
Do you want straight brandy?
You want the Kirschberry one?
It's nice, yeah.
A wee drop!
And she drank it and drank it!
E'er.
It'll do you good!
Put hairs on your chest!
Oh yeah!
Ha!
I've met these people before!
Oh no!
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Only on doctor's orders.
Do n't sa.
Got a bit of a kick to it!

She'd be flat on her back!
Yeah.
Nice quiet Christmas!
Get your own mother legless and.
put her in the bedroom and then enjoy the rest of Christmas!
And what was that?
The whisky?
Do n't drink it too quick!
When did you get.
cayleyed.
We're recording now.
She's an old lady though.
It is, yes, that's making it worse she's an old lady.
No she'd drive me.
up the wall.
I thought I could, I thought I could I really thought I could but oh God I'd be okay if I could.
could go deaf, if I could go selectively deaf, then I'll be alright.
Well that's fair enough.
No I think that's just showing interest, that's the questioning that's just showing interest.
Yeah, that's, that's when it's hard she asks you the same thing again and again and a few minutes later, then half an hour later, then, then you think have you listened.
What learn how to.
She has n't got one.
She's not going to get one.
Oh I see, yeah, ah, go, she's just, she's just got to have something to do.
Well yeah but she is seven seventy is n't she has it always taken her or has it?
It's always taken twice, three times the length of time as anybody else?
Bit of exercise keeping herself fit.
Pardon?
You wonder if Philip was what?
Oh I think it was psychological that.
Erm, well what your mum and dad said to me is that he gets very worried, het up, really tensed about doing things, that's going, you know, things that are gon na happen, like just driving down to a different place, er and he get's himse himself so het up, so worried, he makes himself ill, I think that's what's happened.
The pressure was off and he was fine and he was he was his normal self and that's what happens each time.
Yeah, he made a miraculous recovery today and I think that seems to point or to confirm what your, what your mum and dad was saying.
Yeah I'm afraid so, I think it's compounded by the fact that your, what your dad says sums it up beautifully about your mum, I was talking to him about, you know, what does she, what she's got in her life other than what she ever had other than a home, working and so on, has she got any hobbies at home or does she do anything is there anything that takes her mind off things.
and he says no she has n't, she, her hobby is Philip.
Then she turns on him.
then she turns on him, yes.
Mimics.
You are my mother.
the Germans are out are they?
Must get better a few people are walking about very, very.
Seven four three.
We've got seventeen thousand.
forty three miles.
Since when?
I, er, shows you, that's in this month?
With her.
Mm.
Do you know when we came back from.
last year when Jimmy and Anna.
yeah and we went round, you know we went round the.
with them.
went to Coventry.
yeah, when we came back, did we see your mum and dad and Philip when we came back from that?
Did we talk about where we'd been and what we'd done, what we'd seen and what had happened?
No here.
Yeah.
Well today we were behind a G registration Jag and I turned to Paul and I said oh maybe that's one of the Jaguars we saw being built in Coventry and I said no, no, no, corrected myself, I said could n't of been.
because it would have to of been H reg would n't it?
And then she said oh, have you seen Jaguars being made?
I thought yeah, last year, do n't you remember?
No, why did you go to Cadburys?
And then it was oh we did n't, you know, you had a free sample at Cadburys, oh, I said we got a free sample from Jaguar, we got some walnut veneer which is, I suppose, half Cadburys.
no, oh I said well do do do n't you remember we went to Massey Fergusons as well.
did you arrange it yourself?
Oh God I thought ya, ya, ya, ya, ya.
She could be, actually she could be going.
started to go.
She could be.
She's a bit young for that though.
No I think the mother-in-law jokes are right she's a cracker hope it is n't too busy in here.
You'll end up shopping then.
It will you'll end up going shopping.
Well do, do you want me to put a five pound bet on that?
Eh?
Will you bet me?
No, yes, but I think you'll end up going shopping just to get out the house.
Take her out, take her out yeah.
Okay, let's see if we can find a parking spot, here, it'll do nicely, or there or there, no there's not one there.
Do that one, bit worried about that computer in the back you know.
There we are.
Right, let's away, I think we're just.
Yeah.
Pardon?
Yeah you just said have they got a sale on?
Nothing there.
no what you looking for, what type?
Plain colour.
Light to mid weight.
It looks as though you're gon na be a bit unlucky, wait a minute, oh no, no I'm a wanderer, do, do, do, do no that's your lot Paula I wonder if they've got any more of those decent knives, those Kitchen Devils.
How much are these now?
It is n't a case of wanting them they're such good knives you do n't get them at that price, too often right can we just have a look at the price of microwaves, while we're here.
pardon?
Oh sure, no.
she does n't need one, she wo n't be able to use it ninety four pounds.
Ah it's got a cheap, cheap interior, no it's too.
Sanyo, it's even buy British Have you found anything?
T-shirts, what for Paul?
Blue he wants, does n't he?
Well if he does n't like it Tony'll wear it get one of, Paula get one of those, one of these made in Sri Lanka.
Oh get, get this, too, does n't matter, oh Tony'll wear it.
He will I will if he does n't.
Medium.
Why not?
There are, one of these large.
I'll have one as well for that price reduced to clear, what's that?
Have you got any more of your compact discs?
No the, they're the cheap ones, what you looking for?
oh this handy box, oh yes are they the same price as before?
I thought they were, but could be wrong, how many do you want?
just one?
Mm.
Where what was?
Oh the your shopping starts here What do we need?
Binliners you're okay for erm, what you call it?
Clingfilm.
might as.
but no, use that erm bottle stuff we've got, we dilute, it's supposed to be good stuff, you're suppose to get the same quality out of it as, out of that and it's cheaper we okay for glasses?
Yeah, I know you did, but, we okay.
have you seen this?
An old, it looks like an old style take it on to the Antiques Road Show.
Have you got one that's running out?
no, I said it was running out, have you one that's run out then?
Pardon.
So erm, if we run out, we run out Which whisky did you get?
What, bottle of Bells, ah, oh you go.
Did you get it from here?
From where?
Oh near the hospital, yeah, and you got parked in there?
Why wants some.
Here we are, what do you need?
What shampoo?
Wash and Go.
Do n't lean on it.
make you go to sleep.
It looks like a bomb has hit it here.
I do n't think we need anything else out of here do we?
No.
pardon?
they can see it, but there's two different types we'll try that one though.
how much is this?
God that brings back memories.
let's seal it, now you want some goats cheese with that, that's what you'll need, lying on the beach at midnight going to sleep in your sleeping bag, with a bottle of that and your goats cheese.
Are we?
Where we going to?
Famous last words.
he'll be back in hospital.
Here are Paula, it's better stuff.
It's good for you.
They'll say home.
We'll have a week at home then, cheapest place you can go, I tell you where you can go that's really good, your mum's, have a week with your mother nervous wreck by the sea.
Do we need washing powder?
What about erm, oven top cleaner?
Got it, yeah oh.
ah I think he might find he will be.
Yes we're alright, er salt, are we okay for salt?
I have n't bought any recently.
Facilities Northgate, I thought the people at Stowmarket at Stow Utland were on the par with the others, you know you can get, you can easily be convinced that the place is good because of it.
because of the look of it, when in fact that's only part of it it depends whether he's gon na be motivated there, they mo it's not gon na need much motivation but if people are interested in you for what you are like, like they have been, yeah, and he's experienced all, he's been somebody special there has n't he?
Yeah, and if he becomes just an auto run it could just knock him back a bit, one of the crowd, you know, just another one.
Er, I hope I do n't think.
I do n't think it will, but I'm sure it would n't do at the other two places.
I was hop I had n't, I had n't really made up my mind that's plenty biscuits Paula, yeah it's plent do n't get, biscuit mania, Easter eggs, God.
No I do n't when is Easter, it's late is n't it?
April, it's another six weeks yet is n't it?
What you looking for?
Anything special?
Pardon?
Nothing oh dear.
No.
no I think it's the speciality is that, in him and how he reacts with people, it is n't you know just what he's good at or not good at.
Do n't think he'll what?
Yeah, but it depends what, how it takes, what form it takes if he's if it's sort of their others are of similar ability, okay, but if it's because, if people do n't take any notice of him because of.
no just because of they're that type, they do n't take any notice of anybody.
you know, do n't take an interest in them as people.
I think that could happen anywhere, but.
but.
No it does n't, he, he does n't have to follow his brother's footsteps.
he's got to be his own person.
he's got to be himself, for, yeah selfish it's been easier for us for transport problem, if Paul decides to go somewhere else I think you've got to give'em them freedom to do it, freedom of choice.
Really, so Paul is in, has n't got freedom then?
Is that right?
Is that what Paul said?
Good, it'll do him good.
I think, I think he needs to do it.
No I just think he needs to do it.
He, he just might grow up a little bit.
oh yes, which ones.
There's, there's one of these beef and tomato I think, I seem to recognize that.
I'd be more worried about Tony, cos I do n't think Tony's as well wise as Paul is, in some ways really for both of them it would n't do them any harm you know because look, they're, they're, they're not typical lads in many ways.
which I they're not typical lads in many ways are they?
you know I rather did it before because if you do it after that's when the job situation becomes a bit of problem, look at John, look what's happening there.
Do n't know, I've never spoken to him at all, do n't know.
The degree.
Oh God do you want some toast then?
I'm gon na get some healthy bread any blackcurrant pies?
Why is it that you have everything but, there you are, there you are they're cheap too are n't they?
Shall I get two lots?
yes, yeah have you much bread in the freezer Paula?
Paula have you much bread in the freezer?
It's the way they're made, no that's we'll, that is heart attack time, that is.
no, erm Paula you can get them in the frozen food section love.
I've seen them down there have a big bone through that, have they, looks as if that's been boned.
Oh there's your bone, what about that one leg, boneless, four fifty nine.
I'll just have pies.
Fair enough they needed eating.
Oh.
Pardon, most of it's gone.
who's been eating it?
Well I know somebody's left it behind, do you want it?
Yeah you're welcome that's it.
de, de, umbrella.
Do n't forget.
I ate a lot of them, but they've gone off, they'd really had.
Which?
These look, well, these look a better bunch, get one of those, I'll get one of these.
Yeah well get one of those, I'll get, one of these, they look pretty good, mm lovely bunch of grapes those, oh yes, oh yes what are these plums?
They're a bit hard are n't they?
well do you want some that are a bit hard?
Do you want any salad?
pardon?
Paula.
do you want any salad?
Young gifted and black, do, do, do are we okay for potatoes?
Ah, do you want any swede?
Not swede, parsnips sorry, miles away there, parsnips do you want any?
Pardon?
Anything else?
Any umbrellas to buy today umbrellas, singing do a do, do, a is that it?
They look nice these Cox's.
beautiful apples though Paula right what frozen stuff do we want?
It's a bit.
really.
have they got the, the other pies that we have, this is it how about one with ham in it?
Have n't got it have they?
Is that okay?
They're the potato waffles.
that she was talking about.
Which is cheaper?
The four or the fourteen?
Well I do n't know they may not be, wo n't pay five pounds eight, fours, twelve maybe cheaper by about thirty P a box if you do it that way.
Tonight?
Have that ham.
the.
you know what's gon na happen.
yeah.
We're okay for ice cream.
What about veg, frozen veg?
Yes we're okay or yes we want some?
Is there anything else or is that it?
What's that?
Blackcurrant torte, blackcurrant torte, have we ever had one before?
Do you want an apple bar?
They're nice that, with a bit of cream, that'll do Paula Paula come on now this one's free.
That'll keep us going biscuits, I go to the end.
Here I'll take them I'll do the tins is that it Paula?
I'll do these bottles as well then oops.
Ooh.
It soon goes a hundred and six pounds, God.
Ten Air Miles, we'll get to Paris one day.
One of us, we wo n't get that.
From Gatwick?
I dunno maybe three hundred miles.
How many have you got so far?
Dunno.
You're in the way Paula.
Just check that, make sure you've got no doubles going through.
Anything?
Yeah, even so a hundred and six pounds is a lot of money, when did you last come shopping?
Yeah how much did those two boxes cost?
Three pounds each, six pounds.
Ah, yeah, yeah, so, you take that off, you take the six off for those boxes that's a hundred, take fifteen off for the t-shirts, you're talking eighty five pounds then.
Mm, mm.
Yeah, because it's money for you to spend.
Whatever money's left over that's not been committed by you, if they find that they've got fifteen hundred say, that's not been committed by you at the end of the financial year, that will automatically go into deposit.
And were you getting that four thousand from last year's, this year's money?
This year's trigger.
Ah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So they'll have fifteen thousand on deposit.
Ooh.
But, hold on.
Yeah, but, er, I've got six thousand carried forward from last year, okay you've got twelve they've got six.
yeah, see what I mean, and this year, the budget.
I've got this year it's all accounted for, I ca n't take anything out of it.
and, and put it to and put it into a deposit, you know this, this building I want, at the back, there's, there's nothing there, pardon?
Well, yeah, there's plenty of time, I do n't think sort of, it's not a magic one is it? Is it gon na fly?
Oh no.
Well just, I put it under here as well.
bring them back if it's sticking up.
hold on, let's put this box in first, let's get this out, right.
No.
that's light the rest I'll have to.
there are, all that lot'll have to go onto the seats, mind your fingers can you go down there, open that door no you'll have to come this side, I'll have to pass them through to you okay on the floor Paula might be bet the heavier stuff, then if it does fall off it's not going to make a mess.
see that's gon na, see what I mean, as we go along that'll fall on the floor that, you'll have it all over the place, put it away okay, get some petrol now on the way.
Yes, that's because of the floor area.
At the moment?
Sixty seven.
Crazy innit?
but the implication, the big your biggest charge on the school is the staff.
that's why it's crazy you see it, oh, it does n't make sense that so much emphasis is put on floor area if er less emphasis is put on floor area and more on children.
Er, yeah, but there's a heck of an.
because it, the biggest cost us teachers and the number of teachers you need is governed by the number of.
children you have.
I'm not, I'm not saying that you should have any.
I, I do n't think you should have any less money, I'm saying that we should have more, we are, we're losing out.
you're not gaining it's.
it's us that are losing out.
there should be more emphasis on, on number of children that was lucky, it's on this side is n't it?
Your side the erm cap, petrol cap are we paying by Access?
Oh I thought that was your, that was one of the teachers at the course there.
The trigger on that gun went at fifteen pounds, er just about.
sixteen, I've got the card here okay.
no I've got my own.
thank you it's cooling down a bit now, it's been a gorgeous day though, that sun.
five o'clock.
Thank you.
March.
thank you thanks a lot, thanks.
Can have what?
With the ham, yeah.
he can try them now.
When do you come off your antibiotics?
Tomorrow, you finish them tomorrow, completely?
Bet you're pleased with that?
Yeah.
How do you feel now, how's that?
Really, are you gon na carry on taking the those red bombers.
that he's given you?
Seven.
Oh you've had today's?
So it's three tomorrow you know we've got away with this winter.
Yeah we had, er that cold snap before Christmas and was it November?
And we've had one or two cold snaps, little cold snaps.
had n't real we've had the frost of we have.
we have n't had the bad weather, we have n't had the fogs that.
we have n't had the fogs that other people have had.
we've done very well for escaping it, the only trouble is we have n't got the rain and now, this, this coming summer I dread to think what's gon na happen, look how dry those fields are, just look at it if we get a wind up, if we, a wind starts to blow it'll move a lot of this, it will just lift it up into the air, we'll get clouds of soil blowing all over the place.
We wo n't, we wo n't have snow drifts we'll have soil, soil drifts, as daft as that, God where is all this traffic coming from?
Oh, yo, yo, yo, yo if he pulls up he's, he's a goner, ah, pull off there, the bus got off, has he?
Now.
right up his backside.
Was it because he was tired?
washed out he very quickly got tired, you remember in hospital, he quickly got tired and if he laid down he quickly seemed to get his energy back, he'd come back and be.
God I hope not but it is a reaction obviously er to the radiation treatment but.
it's the amount of tiredness that is cu you know he's showing and, and his speed into tiredness and then his recovery from it, that's unusual that he could be.
Well he's on six lots is n't he?
What?
What, designed to do what then?
To relax him.
Ah, yeah, maybe.
Looks as though Ipswich have won.
all the scarfs are flying.
Well they usually do n't fly when, when they've got beaten, let's see what's on there we are.
That's division three division three this West Brom.
One week, what he wants to do is to change it round.
Nil seven away, scored seven away four, three he said down here did n't he that lad?
So what's, when you say he's.
when you say he's got erm, he's going to Saint Paul's as a pupil?
He must have a good voice then.
he's blossomed since you've been there.
Oh do you think Anna would of, I hope she's doing something like this.
Pardon?
If she's er if she's sorted a village out, that'll be great.
say, sort out erm a school.
With a school, yeah we could be asking too much you know.
with that.
You do n't think so?
That's right.
Yeah.
What about the Hungarians, you know that thing about the.
Who you going to ring Romanian Relief?
Is it only office hours?
Does er we need to know things like that and if you.
Why?
If these are the problems.
or not.
Mm, does n't matter.
taxes?
That's why I do n't, well if the Hungarians are gon na charge is it two thousand pounds or something?
If they go and charge that we.
we ca n't afford that.
Yeah, but if you get it back in funds well that's no use to you is it?
Who's gon na take two thousand pounds worth of pounds out of Hungary?
Who?
Nobody in their right mind, do you remember that, were you there when that guy from Kuwait.
tried to change.
his foreign and done it, done it all legally at the hotel and so on.
and the state he was in and they did n't want to know did they?
They more or less called him a fool when he tried to change back into whatever it was our current whatever it was and if that's the case erm Hungar Hungarians are holding on to this two thousand pound, it's surety is n't it?
You'd be stoned dead.
well, well that's what it is but if you can get into Romania.
I ca n't see that honestly I just, I just.
ca n't see them.
seeing it as an import so they're taxing imports.
I think I would n't of thought they'd be so thick skinned as to turn away help, that so much help, I just ca n't see it.
They've had, not just from Britain they've had help, they've had it from all over Europe and it's still.
it's still going in, the media's involved in it as well, I would of thought people like Anneke Rice would of picked that up Are you going to try her again.
Well it's, it's gon na be very late there, you'll be getting her out of bed if you're not careful I know she says it does n't mind, she, she does n't mind it does n't matter, but oh dear, there's a piece here in the newspaper did you see that?
Mrs have you heard of her?
Have you heard of her?
No I do n't, she's obviously been before or been involved with it before What time does Tony want picking up?
Same as Paul.
Right mm wonder which way this paper's going to go, on the election, there's a piece here about title that that's no way to treat a lady no, I think it's all to do with, yeah it looks like.
An Access card had been found at a meeting of the Liberal Democrats for Eastern Region contracts, and, M S Sue Sutton, who was a candidate for.
South West.
Hampstead they've found, and the paper says the grey haired woman who.
to collect the card but did Ms Sutton gracefully rise from her seat to hand it to her, no, she tossed it over the rim of the platform onto the floor below leaving the poor woman to scrabble around for several minutes looking for it and the, and the punch line is a little later an embarrassed Ms Sutton is contesting Cambridgeshire South West for the Lib Dems at the general election, apologised for her cavalier behaviour, let us hope she learnt from the experience yeah.
now what on earth has that got to do with a policy of a political party, the way somebody handles a lost Access card I wonder, mm?
No way.
