
It's the best thing of course so It's a very weird thing to be doing really is n't it?
Yeah.
Thank you.
Right.
There's certainly a fancy er club house there is n't it?
What's what's this fancy building here David?
Squash.
why we ca n't get on there, on the door.
Yes fine.
Right.
Oh yes.
Did it really?
Yes.
Only the one tennis court?
Oh yes.
Oh yes, yes.
Oh is he?
Really?
And is that ah er another cricket team altogether or what?
Club altogether?
Right.
Yes.
Yes yes.
Oh was he?
Yes.
Oh!
Oh!
Yes yes indeed.
Now, now I'm there and there are n't I?
Mm.
Mm.
And it once.
Lynda was n't here yesterday when er out.
Sorry?
Well I do n't think it actually needs warning about.
Well I believe it does.
I think it inhibits some people but she will explain.
You saw the sheet did n't you?
It's irritating cos the clip wo n't go on the shirt.
Well this microphone clip shirt.
Yes.
Well it's, the shirt just seems to be too fine for it.
Yes.
Playing a tough game tomorrow.
Croquet.
Yes.
Very irritating because er if only I'd approached David earlier as I'd intended to.
Previous weekend they had an open day at er Dulwich Croquet Club.
So all were invited to go along.
Of course I was on Sunday, yes indeed.
Indeed indeed indeed.
Yes I could n't fit in much croquet then could I?
The implication was that it was going to be a bit warmer today was n't it?
Mm.
have breakfast?
Thank you.
David and were agreeing last night how much they like the road.
Yes.
Yes.
But er.
Because of the dust flying in.
Yes, yes.
She too was saying that she had an urge to go down with her broom and sweep up the these building works.
Right.
I'm gon na have some breakfast, are n't you?
Eating it, or.
Oh, right.
Shall I finish it?
Oh, god bless our daughter.
Hello dear.
I've never seen such dry grapefruit.
Where did they come from?
Mm.
Yes.
Does n't even look pink, does it?
Well I think you complain.
I do n't think you have to take it back, I did n't take that chicken back to Safeway's if you remember.
The one that smelt.
Yes.
Do n't you remember that?
Some months ago.
I took the label back.
Did n't take, did n't bother with the chicken.
And she did n't, she scarcely even looked at the label.
She took my word for it.
Unfortunately because it, it was a special sell today job with a reduction off others I did n't get much money back.
And then went and bought another fresh chicken had to pay even more money for it.
. Ah.
Well it's incredible how little mail, and there's nothing on fax or telex either.
This is not nice.
Mm.
Well.
Really not good.
Extraordinary.
Will you have toast?
Cake?
Sorry, will you have some toast?
Did you see that erm letter in the paper the other day about the, the introduction of sliced bread because there's been a bit of a correspondence about it?
Yes.
And it's five sixteenths of an inch thick by ordinary buttering and half an inch thick for toast.
And about nineteen twenty eight or something was n't it?
Unfortunately it's got a sort of general grubbiness to it as well, has n't it?
Mm.
No, no you ca n't.
Thank you for getting this tomato juice specially from Safeway's.
What?
Just not enough, happening?
Enough break yes.
That's right.
Yeah.
Well you're not doing your reports till after that time are you?
Twenty six days, yes, ten days.
You've got sixteen days to do them in in theory.
Is that the earlier day you all complained about?
Did you get any explanations why it was all required in earlier?
Yes.
Do you think that in all schools the head always looked at all the reports?

That pot's finished now.
What a funny idea this queue down parks is n't it?
Mm.
Did you see that thing on television last night?
I'm interested there were women mixed in with them.
Just the same uniform.
Look at this lovely picture of this High Commissioner in Sri Lanka who's been booted out in his Morris Minor.
Somebody is about to set up.
convertible by the look of it, still.
Mm about to set up a factory in Sri Lanka to make Morris Minor parts.
To rebuild them.
Well he's employed by the Foreign Office.
Probably.
Or they'll keep him in London.
Sri Lankan desk or something.
He'll probably merge back into the Department of Transport.
Might do something else in the environment.
Oh was there?
They would like to.
Mm.
Oh.
Roy's idea was that er might get some highly paid job in industry.
Aviation or something.
Oh yes, yes I shall.
Gosh I'm not thinking straight.
I'll make some more.
It's, it's sitting down that's addictive is it?
Not having breakfast.
You mean you might get into a good habit?
I must say I like it.
To make up for what?
My having my normal breakfast?
Well you could actually have two meals today, for a change.

That, that special orange and something honey marmalade.
It was sweet, but it was pleasant.
No.
You rarely can can you?
Oh yes.
Good, good and solid.
Nice.
I like it, like that.
I think Lizzie's marmalade was particularly addictive.
We have n't tried Jack's have we?
Well he's never given us a pot mean devil.
It's about the one thing a year he does do and crows about.
Oh yes, yes I do believe he's given Andrew a pot to take home.
He's still as daft about Andrew as ever is n't he?
It shows in both of them.
I mean Jack was so solicitous that.
weekend towards Andrew.
And he and I had oops er had earlier talked about people, no that's fine, that's fine I like the crust, erm parking on verges and I was decrying it.
Of course when we came back and discovered Andrew and co had arrived, he'd parked on the verge and I had a dig at Andrew about it.
Jack was terribly defensive of him.
You know totally changed his tune from earlier.
Andrew can do no wrong.
Oh you mean the way I treat Snoopy?
Mm.
Mm.
Oh yes so it is.
We've got two more down there, which are looking very healthy.
Oh good.
Her speciality.
Good.
Right.
Right.
Yeah.
Yes I suppose it's Lynda.
Well you're some guard dog are n't you?
Useless creature.
Hi there.
I'm wired for sound ma'am.
Looking for your usual match.
Well it's a pacemaker below the belt dear.
How wise.
Oh lovely, thank you.
That's superb!
Yes I prefer the picture of the Red Arrows personally.
Oh, gosh, we've actually got a message in now.
Amazing.
There was nothing, there was nothing in the mail but a chequebook.
And er nothing on telex.
Oh god.
No it's, it's and er about the alloy eight hundred H T.
No I did n't.
Sorry about that.
Twenty five past eight?
Oh well you mean you rushed back in again did you?
Ah.
Twenty five past eight!
Oh of course there's no school is there?
It, it's a tough life.
I would n't mind being M D of an electronics firm.
How many, how many to make you redundant this week.
I think he might get a bit of a a a a bit of a reaction from one or two of these people, do n't you?
Dear oh dear oh dear.
This eight hundred H T order's slipped away.
Not too surprising really I suppose but erm I went up and erm heard the jazz at the Crown last night.
Manhattan yes.
I thoroughly enjoyed it.
I thought it was great.
In fact I was quite a busy little bee last night.
Fixed to go and have a game of croquet on Saturday afternoon.
Yes.
yes.
ought to have a go.
Oh Dulwich my dear.
Pardon?
She?
Ah yes, I I.
Yes please dear lovely.
I would n't er, I would n't trust her with mallet.
Oh I've got bags of time I reckon to make notes on what I'm doing as we talk here.
Yes, oh yes it's all sort of, relatively complex stuff.
You, you read that did you?
Oh yes I've got that.
And I've got boxes of, two boxes of tapes.
I wondered.
I must say I wondered.
Yeah, I mean you're not particularly trad jazz inclined anyway are you?
Mm.
Well there's the programme.
Yes.
He lives there.
I had a chat with him last night.
And er he sort of admitted that he lives absolutely on the fringe of the no go area.
Mm look at it, I mean the name of his house Wit's End.
He's a very odd character.
Out of interest, how much do you charge for your do?
Right.
For a jazz.
Yes.
Well when you look at how busy a programme they've got.
You ca n't, it's difficult to believe why they do n't charge full whack.
I mean it was very interesting in the Crown last night because apparently they, they normally have some rhythm and blues and soul and things like that on a Thursday.
And erm the youngsters were n't objecting to their music.
I mean there were no real teeny boppers.
Erm but the the old grey hairs like me were leaping around and.
Yes alright.
Good morning Mr.
Well.
Good god.
I hope it means she does n't buy any more dogs.
I I fear the opposite.
Good afternoon, good morning I mean.
Pretty order.
Phone call from Singapore.
Do you want to keep that list of the jazz.
because I've got the similar, similar thing in small format here.
I think it's people who do n't like trad jazz Lynda.
I think that's all, all you can say.
Oh.
Are you going to ring?
Yes.
Yes.
Mm.
I I I think we've got to accept that that on that business we have, we have, do not have secure terms period.
Not fully.
But contingency.
Oh no.
No.
No no no.
That is what it is for.
That is what it is.
Contingency is if the customer having, the buyer having said he will cover the insurance, does n't.
and then does n't get his money, does n't pay us.
we can claim.
Yes.
Yes.
We will probably have to prove that we have not been paid for the consignment.
Interesting possibility.
But it, it, it's not covering from factory to airport or anything of that sort.
It is definitely covering.
Yes.
Yes.
Because we we can only take it on their word when they say we shall insure.
I mean we should be doing it for should n't we?
Do you?
Right.
O K.
Ah.
I suppose it it does n't matter very much one way or the other does it?
Cheaper to us, erm the trouble with it is of course we never actually add it in.
Do we?
Do you?
You you bung it across to the customer?
Well if it's a C I N contract you are n't you're not contingency.
No.
It is a small sum yes that's quite true.
Great.
Ah.
Yes.
No that's true.
That's quite true.
Now er Richard rang me at five o'clock yesterday.
Yes.
He did say that he'd tried to ring before I got back from lunch but I'm not one hundred percent certain.
Erm but it was n't, it was twenty past two when I got back from lunch.
Erm and the erm I saw John at lunchtime and I mentioned it to him because he, he said that, it had n't even occurred to me till then, because he said I'm concentrating on the surveying side and I thought ha ha ha to you my friend.
Would you like Richard's work telephone number?
No I did n't I'm afraid.
No I did n't erm I did n't ask.
But he said er, and I said that I gather you're seeing Lynda the weekend if you do find anything perhaps you could pass it on to her.
And John said oh it will give me something to do.
It is a bit desperate is n't it?
I think Lewisham have got themselves into a ludicrous state over people er.
Erm being pushed sideways into jobs that do n't match and being paid full price.
I do n't want.
Erm being paid their full salary.
Yeah we do n't want you any more so go and, go and twiddle your thumbs in this corner but they're still paying them twenty thousand a year.
Absolute farce.
Absolutely farcical.
Absolutely.
Absolutely but he's up against the fact that nobody wants to know what he's doing.
Quality control, I mean er client satisfaction, things of that sort I'm not quite sure what he's into.
But er being a local authority they're saying oh come on.
Why make the effort.
Yes.
And of course local government is the most wonderful procrastinator in the world is n't it?
Oh sure.
No.
That's right.
That's absolutely right.
That's right.
And that's going to be.
Oh absolutely.
Nobody.
Nobody.
Nobody.
But but when initially presented to you, here's twenty thousand a year for doing nothing my friend.
It's, it has an element of appeal does n't it?
Getting nothing for doing nothing.
Yes.
Yes I agree.
Yes.
I would have thought so.
This Guys er business incidentally.
They're now saying four hundred jobs will go but less than a hundred will be made redundant.
The other three hundred will go through natural wastage.
They said six hundred originally apparently but then and now they're talking four hundred.
There was some rather naff comments about the union people COHSE I mean what a shower.
Erm.
On television last night there was some waffling about nothing and complaining they had n't been told.
I think the Guys situation is a very interesting experiment.
It's a shame it's going on under a microscope, spotlight or whatever but erm.
Spotlight I mean do n't a microscope.
Erm but even so it's er it's, it's interesting.
And Guys needs it for goodness sake.
Guys definitely needs it.
Well their, their accounting was cock-eyed in commercial terms Lynda.
It, it really was different accounting which is hardly comparable.
Erm and I see nothing wrong with making decent profits as long as you're not actually ripping people off as a monopoly.
Well.
Oh that, that's a different matter.
That is a surely.
I would have thought so, yes.
Erm I I I must say I have n't read or heard anything about the British Gas thing.
Oh yes.
I knew they'd made a lot of money.
But erm what they were going to do I do n't know.
But the South West Water Authority or whatever they're called erm also made a big profit did n't they?
But the guy said well ninety percent of this has got to be spent on a small proportion of the works which we are required to do over the next decade.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes it's when you see British Telecom repainting all their vans with this silly new logo that you get a bit twitchy do n't you?
Mm.
Mm.
Well.
Norman on his wall has a a a list of er theoretical waitings for the different specialists at Orpington hospital and presumably he's got one beside it for Queen Mary's as well.
So he can actually look at and say oh well Queen Mary's is the place for you to go my friend.
That's right.
Absolutely.
So it, it's happening already.
To some degree.
That's right.
Yes.
You, you have got to have a waiting list to use the facilities reasonably fully.
That's right.
Yeah.
There's your jazz band leader.
That's his full time job.
He admits that it's a area.
He's a bit of an odd boy himself though you know.
And I think it was his wife there last night too.
Erm and she, she's a, a curious lady.
I think it was his wife anyway she went round with a pot at the end.
Yes.
He's a building surveyor.
Dressed all in black dear.
Yes, yes.
Incredible is n't it.?
Brave fellow I'd say.
Yes it fits him rather well does n't it?
Talking of which there's a house down lower Camden which has the Chislehurst station sign.
Great big thing.
Stuck in their driveway.
It's been there for ages and ages and ages.
No I would n't have thought so either.
Enormous great thing.
By the way.
You just say please may I have my Argos card.
You take the card back next time and they put it in a machine and add more points to it.
Recorded electronically.
You, you do n't.
The machine will no doubt tell you but erm and for every fifty pounds of petrol you get one pound for Argos.
Well considering I put thirty quid in to fill the tank yesterday.
You, you get there quite quickly.
And then you can just shove in your pass and erm.
They just put it in the machine and tag it and, price.
That's right and read it off.
And it's a long term promotion.
It's going till the end of next year or, or August next year.
Yes.
So you you you have a chance to actually build up something worthwhile.
Well, my thirty pounds seventy gave me sixty, thirty pence or something.
What, what did I say, fifty, fifty.
Fifty pounds worth of petrol gives you one pound off.
Do what?
Then you get another card.
You've got stacks of cards there.
Yes I think it's fair.
Membership etcetera?
National Trust I see there.
Which you never use.
Oh fancy putting that on a plastic card.
Oh is it?
Oh my god.
Yes.
So.
Oh what's the credit limit on your Barclaycard?
Well yeah well they mean that credit limit.
Do you mean as a cheque backing card?
Were you paying by cheque?
Well it's not a cheque guarantee card anyway.
That's not a cheque guarantee card.
Is it?
It is with Barclays, but I mean the, there's got to be a standard figure for the Barclaycard.
Any any anybody else's, my bank card has a figure on it.
It actually has fifty quid on it or something of that sort.
Yes.
Have you tried them on already?
I like the look of it very much.
or something.
Fits nicer than that one.
Do you like it?
Yes I like it.
I like it.
It seems to me to fit perfectly.
I do n't think the colour's drab at all.
I think the colour's fab.
Looks just fine to me.
I like it.
Good.
Did you try, do you try any of them on in Marks?
What's the material like?
Oh I see what you mean, yes, yes.
Out out out or in presumably?
What do you mean?
Oh I see.
Oh yes yes yes yes I do see what you mean, yeah.
sort of waistcoaty in fact.
Well it looks fine tucked in like that.
Well that looks very smart as it is.
Well ca w.
Well try it.
I think the colours go very well indeed.
I mean it does n't pick up precisely the same colour but that in there.
Yes it is.
Yes it is.
Yes.
But it clashes very well indeed.
Why ca n't you wear it out like that?
Well that does n't matter if you've got your, if you've got your jack your jackety effect then have n't you?
Well you do n't have to.
Yes.
And that would make it a, an even cooler outfit would n't it?
Yes.
Yes.
But that one is, is genuinely versatile.
Looks just as good tucked in as.
It'd start pulling out, yes.
Definitely.
the colour's pretty neutral is n't it?
Yes.
Yes I think the skirt's gon na be very useful actually.
Well I hope you will.
I like it.
It's the wrong green I think.
The actual skirt, the skirt's a blueyer green.
But you've got two blouses to wear with it, that's alright.
You've got this other white one as well.
That's mine is it?
Mm.
Yes.
I would have thought.
Well so you've got four blouses.
Well the one you just said is a bit old now.
Yes.
No I think they're all worth and I think that's an attractive top as well.
I think you should have that.
I do n't know.
It's it's it's a possible winter or cooler.
weather skirt.
With a jumper or cardigan.
That's a nuisance.
It would be perfectly acceptable otherwise.
Let's have a look.
Put the light on.
. Well if we ca n't see it, it does n't matter even if it is there.
N'est pas?
Do n't you think they go well together?
Oddly enough I mean it's so far away from the yellow I would say it is n't wrong.
That, that's a hot pattern and colour is n't it?
Mhm.
Yes.
In what colour?
We were chatting.
Are you, are you thinking of that because it's a bit too formal or something?
Oh, yes.
Well at least if it pulls out it looks alright.
It was interesting in the pub last night.
There were quite a lot of enthusiastic er audience but er they were mostly grey beards like me.
Yes.
Oh yes well apparently they normally have a sort of rhythm and blues or something on a, on a Thursday.
Er or soul or something of that sort, which er you know there were loads of youngsters in the pub.
Not under age youngsters I was pleased to see.
But er there were a goodly proportion of people who were really enjoying the er, the track.
Yeah.
Well we've got plenty of other, I've got the list.
opportunities to go and hear them again.
He's a funny character though.
, who runs it.
Oh, who runs the band sorry, runs the band.
Yeah, it, it's a new interim landlord at the Crown.
Oh, they move on.
Erm you know he found another pub.
Sometimes they move from being managers to being licence, erm erm tenants, I mean.
when they're running their own business.
Perhaps but I mean the Crown is quite a big pub.
Quite a big pub.
It's a, with its own kitchens and what have you.
I should think you could make a good living there if you wanted to.
And there have been long term er landlords there.
Sorry?
Mm.
Well I'll go and shower now.
Snoopy was off in a rush was n't she?
Did n't realize she was going quite so early but I suppose it's hardly early anyway now.
Half past nineish.
She may be.
Yes, yes she may be.
Yep.
Oh how annoying.
You do n't want to leave it to Veronica?
No.
yes, it's certainly improving a bit.
Oh quite, quite.
Does she have any other suggestions of shops for the linings?
How interested is she in the preparation of this dress?
Interested enough to be enthusiastic and do the right thing?
Did she?
Yes, yes fair enough.
Anyway, O K.
Is she?
Half past ten, right.
Well given that then, in that case she still ca n't ring the bank to find out what, how much she's now got in the account.
Well she can do, but she ca n't do it from home.
That's all.
She wo n't be home.
will she?
Yes.
Anyway she's the one who's find out.
Will she?
Mm.
Yes.
Did you do anything about those tranquillisers?
Lynda's got some, for Simon.
For his driving test.
Homeopathic ones.
Right.
Yes.
I, I doubt whether she's been properly taught on the subject quite frankly.
Yes, yes.
Her teacher for?
Oh, I.
Really?
Yes, indeed.
Oh.
Right, I should get on.
I was rather irritated yesterday because I had a phone call from.
And he called Gary saying we do n't have the P elevens.
And I I said oh well that's fair enough so I dug them out and sent them to him.
And after I'd stamped and sealed the envelopes he rang back he said I have n't got the copy VAT certs either.
I was not pleased at that!
And I, would n't have occurred to me to send the P elevens.
And he sent them back again?
Oh right.
Oh well, I I've sent the ones from the drawer.
off and said I want them back!
And he said fine.
No.
That that, well you know if there's a query in the next fortnight we know where they are do n't we?
But I was annoyed and I thought well that's fair enough because I was n't aware that those particular documents were required by the accountants to sort things out, but.
I do n't know.
I did n't ask him but he said he required them.
But I know that copy VAT certs, the VAT certs, VAT payment return, returns that's what they're called are n't they, are required.
And so we had n't sent them.
Down to our that is.
Well they're here in the drawer where they're kept.
There's there's a VAT file in there and that's where they get put.
Bit silly is n't it?
This is a unhelpful because it's winding that way yet it looks as if it's winding that way, does n't it?
It looks as if it's reeling on to that spool.
It's not it's reeling through there.
Very confusing and the fact that they've stuck that label on there does n't help very much either.
Yes.
I do n't know.
I thought it would actually reversed on the first side.
Erm.
Yes and I thought it was mucking it up so I just swapped it over the way it was.
Erm we shall see.
We shall see.
Well it it tells you quite a lot, but it does n't actually mention that bit.
I've got, I have got oodles of instructions here.
It appears that on that erm walk the erm sort of pilgrimage walk.
The B B C Songs of Praise television team were involved on all four days.
Erm they were at the start they were at the finish and both days in between.
Erm what's his name Alan Titchmarsh was doing the interviewing.
And you might just see me in the background of one of the shots.
I believe it's a special Songs of Praise in the summer to do with pilgrimages.
Peter was saying what er a good do it was how it had all gone well.
He does n't know, he said we've certainly broken even but beyond that he's he's not.
Well I hope so too but it was n't the whole object of the exercise.
Publicity for homelessness was part of the business and I know one lad said he'd only got two pounds of sponsorship and er I thought well you've you've done rather well to get two quid.
There was some fairly erm basic types on that walk.
You know you could you could well understand that they were homeless.
Hi Susan how are you?
Good good good.
Geared up for the hols?
I have.
I have.
Yes, yes yes.
Yes.
Are you ready to go, next week?
Next Friday you go?

With great pleasure, yes.
How many would you like?
Right.
Pleasure.
N ah, we've still got a few marks on here have n't we Lynda?
Not many but er there are a few.
Trouble is this, this is a spotty original too.
There you are Susan.
It's er, these these these these spots are on your original.
But we've added a few you see and we're concerned about the spots.
It's what you need anyway is n't it?

I sent him the originals.
P elevens not P eleven D's.
Your records.
your double fold two, two tone blue and white thingies.
Cards.
If that's what they're called, yes.
Are they called P elevens?
Well they're a full record of all the deductions and so on and so forth are n't they?
May be there's no other full record.
But I I do n't know, he did n't say and I was n't going to argue with him on it.
No no.
Yeah.
They they seem to come up with something new every year do n't they?
Yes quite.
Yes they would they certainly would.
I'm sorry.
You're going where?
No there's nothing else I need thank you.
She could use a Mars Bar you could.
You could just sort of tuck it in here under her waistband.
Save her swallowing it.
We probably wo n't need teeth we'll all be eating gruel all day.
Yes.
Interesting.
You have n't got false teeth.
You have n't got any false teeth.
Oh we'll feed you on gruel dear do n't worry.
What flavour gruel would you like?
No I prefer, I prefer original.
Salt and vinegar.
Yes alright whisky flavour wheat.
With salt and vinegar lumps.
Oh that green looks really gorgeous with your colourful tracksuit dear.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Thank goodness for that.
Bye.
Bless you.
How come Graham's playing golf again today anyway?
Oh it's business is it?
Amazing.
Amazing.
He's out officially currying favour ha?
Of course they are.
Yes.
I mean it it's really quite fascinating that is n't it?
They are making the bank a lot of money.
Oh Lynda!
Yes, well you'd be cramping his style would n't you?
Yes.
I hope it was n't on the green.
Dent, dent the turf.
Gosh.
I hope he did n't bleed or anything like that.
Yes.
You'd have thought so would n't you?
Still I imagine many men would say what a way to go.
I would n't.
Far better way to go than that but.
Who knows I might even get a chance to try one of these days.

Well then at least I'm they'd bury me with bells on my ankles then.
Now erm you did bring a a very good point there Lynda.
Erm which was that erm what was it.
Yes.
Absolutely.
I would have thought that he would have been down slightly more less.
proportions, yes.
Yes, his not a bad old stick, but erm, he's so very difficult to actually fathom is n't he?
Erm, I do n't think his as thick as he cames across to me sometimes.
Oh he said he prefers to be called Liam or something.
Yes, yes, he is William, erm, the there are sixteen of the item outstanding on this order, eight required on this order and he says they have n't quite tested eight yet.
Some of the have passed test but they have n't quite got to eight yet, so erm.
Yes, yes, erm, he said they may well have done sufficient of them by Monday.
He said the rest of it's on schedule.
Yes, his looked at it in the last couple of days, so he said within within another week or so he's having the whole done with them.
Goody goody goody woof woof woof I can see exactly what this guy's means about eh, huh, anything, anything in laboratories because the, the range of stuff in these magazines is phenomenal.
Absolutely incredible.
So I think what'll do is contact one or two of British companies with probably way out stuff and just see if there set up in Japan.
We have thank you dear, Susan's looked after us very nicely, yes, yes, all's well.
What bits?
Oh you mean the lining for the wedding, the bridesmaid dress.
Oh I see so.
So.
That's, that's the outer one.
That's the lining.
The net.
Oh I see.
What a pest.
Well, poor old Veronica is going on holiday or something of that sort.
Oh has she?
Ah, good.
Yes.
Yes.
I rather suspect that the, I even said about the strong colour of the net, I suspect, that when.
when it's a single thickness strong the colour wo n't be as strong as that anyway.
No.
Is it, is it really just a puffer is it?
Would you believe there's an advert in here for Brookfield Discomitors, remember the I went to Bromley to get that.
American's name and address and rang him up for one.
Oh yes, it was, is it that, that was why we were looking for them to pick them out?

One.
Yes, half an hour looking through as I am now.
Have you a thrilling weekend ahead of you?
Hm, hm.
Well I, I've got a, got to a, got to go and play croquet but apart from that.
Got to go and get another crate of Sam's.
Yes, yes, I've a.
Did you see the thing, piece in the paper this morning Kew gardens says do n't water your plants, we do n't.
Yeah, there is no water so do n't use it.
Funny old business.
Well I've heard it before that a, said, said before that a, that, that the plant roots curl up to the surface to meet, rather than digging down deep and.
Heading for the goodies that way.
They died from being watered?
From lack of water yes, well our, our, our did, our did to, our er Rosemary.
distress.
It's very interesting that for hyper accurate barometers they still use mercury, and the and these are real test barometers.
When you see Di will you mentioned that erm heavy duty office.
Di!
Oh right.
Very good, very good.
We want, we want that seal it style as opposed to the right, we do indeed, yes a closing, a closing staple.
A staple closer, not just a staple gun.
It's really rather curious how although David was happy to give me the names of these various lab magazines, lab equipment things, erm, he was very chary of sending me er copy of his own production.
So what's the temperature inside a domestic wood burning stove Lynda?
Come on.

Not twenty five pounds.
There is a fuel advisory service, I wonder if they call themselves that or the British fuel advisory service or something ghastly.
There's the yes, National Coal Board have got there erm, British Heating Council, or something of that sort, I think.
Le air, sea food restaurant.
No what do I want fuel, come on concentrate boy, fuel, fuel.
Yes, it's certainly not fuel, no what was it?
Let's try British, British.
We, we have, it probably more than one place, but erm, there's no guarantee that it'll be there if you actually.
Manage to, British, no, no British fuel, erm, British Heating No.
British Coal Pension Fund.
I ca n't really ring up British Coal to say what about wooden, Woodstow my friends.
British Coal Customer Services, British Coal.
I just look under heating.
Heating Advisory Service, perhaps.
Heating Advice Consultancy Sidcup, oh my goodness me.
They're gon na sell you a a gas wavy on the wall stove I expect.
Yes, we did.
That was, that was an awfully long time ago was n't it?
Let's have a quick shuffle in Kelly's.
I think the Coal Advisory Service, yeah, yeah.
Eh, Stoves, Wood burning, er.
On the basis of the, the huge attempts I've made to get very little informa and, and the lack of success getting information out of them, no, I do n't think so.
Portugal.
Stove, log stroke, wood burning.
I could ring them up and say I'm in touch with your competition in Portugal.
Yes, probably does, but it, it, it maybe scientifically possible to say, would, would under ideal circumstances maximum temperature would be so and so.
Erm, so that you would have to allow for those ideal circumstances in maximum temperature.
But I have seen a coke stove, cast iron coke stove on a chimney going up to the ceiling in the dark absolutely glowing bright, bright, red.
Agas.
Really.
Oh splendid.

God.
Hm.
I bet.
Where was that?
Oh right, yes.
I have noticed our fridge door being open rather more than it, you know, just somehow not properly closed.
Absolutely.
Yes, yes, and our door was squiffy when it first arrived.
erm.
Gracious, makes you wonder does n't it?
Green Tom Products Limited.
Fume extraction engineers.

Three of the people listed are in Exeter.
Hm Gracious nearly half past twelve.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha..
Oh, I shall stay here if I were you.
, somebody's holding the door shut,, would n't push open knock the end of the nose as usual, very startled dog.
is it not in the miscellaneous file?
I've no idea.
Absolutely no idea Lynda, I have n't taken it out.
Yes.
Did I send a message to them, erm, I, I did n't send a message, no I'm sure I did n't send a message chasing them saying how about a fresh order or whatever.
No, no, I ca n't think why we ca n't find.
I think we might miss out on the er stimulant today Lynda.
Oh your running Kate across, yes, yes, yes.
So she's flitting around here and there, yes.
I do n't know which school the girl next door goes to but she's doing her erm, A levels and er her term's already finished.
Officially she is not at school any more.
Hm.
Was in where?
Has that got it's own file still?
Good heavens.
It's rather a long time is n't it?
Well a, yes, of course were clear out the file drawer, but then with got to find somewhere else to put the blessed stuff have n't we?
WARM, the Wood Burning Association of Retailers and Manufacturers.

It's all so obvious is n't it!

Oh right, yes, yes O K.
Fed up with this, need progress.
Here let me fix it for you.
It is so darned difficult to decide the ones that'll go, turn into anything.
Most of them do n't do they?
It's odd the ones that do sometimes.
Excuse me.
Yes, it's a good point.
It is a good point.
Good, bon appetite.
Oh I should make it if I were you.
Yes, cheerio.
Oh right, yes.
Ciao.
Oh dear.
Moved the car.

Do n't chop the fence in two a drastic time there.
Mm.
Mm mm.
Yes.
Yes.
Oh.
Yes.
The the the trouble is it's not not not that wrong with the fence but the ivy's so thick, it's been there so long has n't it?
Hopeless, anyway I'll move the car out Bill.
Thanks.
Yes fine, if if if you're happy too Bill, thank you.
No, no, I mean the hoover's going.
The washing machine an and everything, everything, no problem Bill.
All that in there must have been that thick.
Yes.
I'll just go and, dug it, dig it all up.
match that up with that.
Yeah.
So I was.
No, keep that here, so I can just angle get the car in.
Drive the car straight into here, I got that.
Oh yeah.
Well if I just leave the car at this angle, pointed out that way.
It's just that outside of it.
And I'm not a great lover of weeding, cos.
Gherkin for you?
That one is n't, but there are, I'll get you one.
So, do you feel your shopping was successful this morning?
Ah yes.
Is there any oil and vinegar on here?
meat.
Quite amazing how the Queen Mother keeps on doing her so many public engagements.
Ooh over, yes, mm, ninety last year, had a special parade did n't they?
Mm.
Yes, she's waited on,.
Mm.
Right.
Yes.
I think Joyce has got one up.
Planning application, notice, for her first floor extension over the garage.
That wall.
over their downstairs loo.
More for you?
No, not occupied.
No it's not actually, busy.
Well we had one or two earlier this week, I must say.
Nothing today.
No.
What is on your programme tomorrow?
What type is that?
Erm.
I was wondering if you fancy going to Ming's tomorrow evening?
Will Snoopy be out and about?
Yes, are we free this evening?
Yes we are are n't we?
Oh.
Yes by all means.
Sure.
How on earth that fellow reckons his pin down regime could have been positive.
That's the guy is n't it.
It's extraordinary.
Does n't it just.
Yep.
Yes.
Mm.
No.
Mm.
I agree.
And I agree they're going to sue him.
Mm.
Do you think there is an argument for finding natural teachers as opposed to set of people to get on with the job?
I do n't know.
No I'm not, but I'm saying that some people probably have a natural, a natural teaching ability.
Maybe eighteen is not the right age to be recruiting teachers.
No, I accept it.
Accept that.
Mm.
Mm.
Yes.
Yes.
No.
Yes.
Mm.
Yes.
Yes indeed.
Yes indeed.
I'll have some fruit first please.
It's quite a lurid apple is n't it?
Oh.
I did n't get round to ringing Christine last night.
Mm.
Come on.
Mm.
Aha.
Yes, it's not, they've turned it into a total university trained job erm, people have n't given award.
No, taken them, they're taken to be professionals though are n't they?
Professionally speaking.
I've never had taken that.
likely do n't it?
out.
He is weak on discipline.
So does that mean that he is a good teacher of music, he's just not a good disciplinarian?
Yes.
Right, right.
Mm.
Yep.
Well there's nobody in this school has it like Polly did.
Is she?
Mm, yes.
Oh yeah.
Is she?
Mhm.
Are they?
Yes.
Mm Yes,.
What'll her experience that she had in New Zealand?
Oh really.
Mhm.
Was she now.
Oh she's not still learning then?
Is she erm.
Yep.
No, of course not.
Yeah.
Yes.
Mm.
Oh.
Mhm.
Is she?
Yes.
Yes.
Especially when all the others know what's going on.
And do n't get them.
Yes.
They are already being rewarded.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Oh goody, goody.
Thank you dear.
that means they've got packets of plain ones available now.

Perhaps even real plain chocolate, wowee.
Good grief.
Where was that?
Do n't get ill in Exeter.
Mm mm.
Aha.
Mm mm.
Mm.
Yes.
Yes Good heavens, tomorrow, the day after, the whole of radio three.
comes from St .Paul and Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Live broadcast.
Well I assume they're some sort of.
No hardly pop for radio three dear.
Twin cities weekend, do n't actually say that there's a.
Good heavens, how old do you reckon she is now?
Goodness gracious and that's his widow, how extraordinary, yes she does look young.
She looks very American does n't she?
Yep.
I thought that they appointed somebody in charge.
Oh, mind you, they're hardly a Mr charisma they have appointed.
Got to be junior.
Is he really, is Vera Shelten?
They married twenty six years ago.
Oh met twenty six years ago, he still exactly hurry did he?
Lynda seems to be staying on a bit, oh no, no, she does have to stay till two sometimes.
Right.
And the four week old probably understood it better than I do.
Did she, aha.
In Belgium, Netherlands and Luxembourg, drivers will have to use dipped headlights in daylight from nineteen ninety two.
Belgium, Netherlands, Luxembourg.
In daylight.
It's, it's very normal in Scandinavia, most drivers there use their dipped headlights in daylight.
No, they, they're not talking about that, not talking about that.
Sure.
Mind you anybody would think that I sold headlights.
Ah yes, that's right, I'm not going to tell you about it.
A quarter of drivers leave their cars unlocked, I think it's rather more than that in the summer.
Mm, try to.
Ca n't get the key in the lock sometimes.
Room against the fence.
Do n't know, just slippery as an eel.
Sorry what did you say?
I guess so, it seems so, Graham, oh, he's making people redundant, he's gone off, it's about the third time in three weeks take a day playing golf.
Bank invitation day.
Probably, yes.
So you can lie in the shade, and be dripped on.
Ah.
Oh, alright.
I do n't think the two of you will find it particularly entertaining.
No, that's mine.
Containers, spare tapes.
Yes indeed.
Yes.
What happened to the top bar, just take it off?.
Yes.
Will you leave this corner will you?
Hm.
Well I wo n't, I wo n't have the noss, nice soft ivy too fall into..
Yes, but it looks as if it is in good nick.
That's pretty normal is n't it?
Really.
Mm.
Smashing.
Yeah.
They've probably burnt them know..
Hm.
Yes, yes, that that's what it's for, is n't it.
It looks as if you've got a spare as well down there.
Oh yes that's in poor nick is n't it.
Yes.
Yes, yes.
Hm hm.
No.
No, well you do n't have too do you?
Yeap.
Yes, yes.
Yeah, very good.
Hm.
The little square's the original ones, yes good.
Yes that, I, I, have a feeling that the original frame rotted.
There.
I I I think it, it was not well maintained and rusted, rusted, and rusted and it was just impossible to do anything.
Hm.
Yeap, yeap.
Oh, when the lads did this, they went to great trouble to actually find the right sort of windows and what have you.
Had had the top been specially glazed ehm, ehm, what I mean, barred.
Yes.
Yes, yes carry on working Bill..
What's that?
Well no, it it it shears does n't it.
Electric shears.
Yes.
Yes, you can get use to carving the joint any way Bill.
Oh, she can trim the dog with it..
Yeap, that's down too William.
Cheerio.
Shall I ring and book Ming's?
Yes.
tonight.
I do n't honestly mind one way or another.
It ties with the with the arrangements bit, if you liked to do that would you?
Good, let's do that then, I'll I'll, I'll give them a ring now.
Yes, fine, yes, yes, but if we can get in tonight we'll do that.
She's probably a bit miffed that she's not coming with us.
Well.
Shall we include Suzanne if she's free?
I can book a table for two and ring them up and make it three, if eh, what, what time would you like to eat tomorrow?
About eight, eat tomorrow O K.
That sounds just fine to me.
Just fine, the the erm no I shall.
I shall come back in time, no I was just thinking that, the, the erm.
the croquet might continue.
Have you finished with that?
I'll put it away.
Till hours, hours, hours.
no I agree with you, I agree with you.
No, I'll I'll I'll ring them up and book it for eight.
All well?
We have a naked fence now.
Well I think Bill's chopped all the ivy off it.
Is he doing something to the tree?
I noticed that.
Maybe it has the tree.
Had n't specially noticed that.
Certainly into the ivy he was having a crack at.
the fence is in surprisingly good nick underneath it.
Yes.
Midland Bank received our letter of credit yesterday, at twelve thirty, our documents was twelfth of May, have not yet been checked.
That's right.
She said, we'll ring you about any discrepancies on Monday did n't actually say we'll ring you about the discrepancies on Monday.
I did n't wish to disillusion her.
Mm.
I seemed to have got a significantly better offer on this.
which is potentially exciting.
No, from.
They.
Well hardly out of the blue, they asked for it a week ago.
though that again is questionable.
The implication has been all along that they're using the same United States manufacturing source but in fact there are one or two discrepancies here, erm, because the value is so high, I'm actually sort of going through and looking at everything pretty closely, and they've changed the basis so wow,.
Cos we're talking of the same product, one, one, quotes ninety six dollars and the other quotes a hundred and thirty seven dollars.
That's quite enough to want to treble check is n't it?
Question is, how much of it do we pass on?
Yes, it's the.
Erm, yes they have, for forgive me, I'll just finish this if you do n't mind, I'm, I'm almost there, one O ten point three eight.
Well erm he came back on the twenty fourth, no, never mind that we we've been to-ing and fro-ing have Asian Associates and I and.
Not as such so they're pressing for an answer, the factory, but erm, he came back and said we'd need firm prices, per kilo price, lump sum price not acceptable, customer offer of sixteen Deutschmark per kilo from, for twelve to fourteen with delivery, your request for those credit verified five months not acceptable, you offer to deliver in eight weeks in which case and we'd get till twelve weeks, please confirm.
U S factory is booked, bulk order, pushing delivery out to twelve weeks, Deutschmark sixteen ki kilos unlikely, could only break our offer down to price per piece or packet.
Five months were allowed for dispatch of last welding rods and elsie transfers on opening and presentation.
I wrote back saying, get on with it, and incidentally we overestimated the shipment cost, brought it down to about half, got to be awfully careful there, because some of these bits are so big, they, and today he said, customer will make decision only after ten days, since final size of assortment is under preparation, meantime with your offered price and revised delivery time, it looks very difficult to book this order.
Price of electrodes is, seems alright, however plate prices are very high.
Please offer per piece or kilo.
Now have changed it from per kilo to per piece.
I do n't, you'd off offer per kilo.
Oh should of been more organized.
Oh really.
O K, good.
I'd like to put a little business down his way.

It's quite something, that Noreen's taken to the typewriter, she hates it.
Yes, also all that is n't it?
Bingo what what, what, what, what, what, what.
No, I think that might be because it does n't include the welding grants, but even so, let's have a look at, down here.
Yeah, that's cost,, no it is n't here, yes it is.
Gordon Bennett, that's an enormous saving.
Ooh ah The trouble is the figures keep changing, all the rest of it, you have to stay rather more alert than you choose.
There's a po potential for a cock up is enormous.
That's right.
Well, I can re-offer this at five hundred and sixty to the half thousand dollars, instead of, six hundred and eleven thousand, six hundred, that sounds like a ten percent reduction to me.
Right, now.
How does he know the plate price is high, he did n't make that quite, when I only gave him a total price.
including the.
Price of electrodes seems alright, however, plate prices are very high.
You did, so he's come, he's knocking that list off the total figure, with, because that list was higher, subsequently I've managed to knock it down by about three or four percent anyway, erm, he's, he's knocking off a bigger sum than he should to produce a smaller welding price.
No, I do n't think so, no, no.
But I mean, that is a.
Yes I'm going to.
There are some slight variations in it, and it's come from a different U S mill and, for example, there are three items at the end which were required and you offered us six millimetres, they're now six point three five millimetres, which is quarter inch, that's fine, erm.
offered initially and they were followed up by Philip of Singapore and erm.
It was, it was indeed, yes, yes, yes, the original one where you added ten, ten, and erm, quote I think.
B C three New York.
Yes.
We we have n't got the order yet Lynda, but in the what sorry.
And we're still owed thirty five pounds, fifty.
Ah.
Probably.
The welding rods.
Erm.
Yes, but I've, I've only given him a lump figure you see.
Quite deliberately, because, that, I mean, his part of his message today, for goodness sake, is, since final size assortment is under preparation.
No way, no way.
I'm going to get you to type this on Monday.
Have you got time?
It might.
Yes, I have n't got welding rods and the stuff at this moment, but I can incorporate that.
Yes, I'm afraid it is Lynda, erm.
Yes I know it, erm I suggest we type it for faxing, have we got fax for these?

No, quite, quite.
Just trying to think where, we might find his, the fax.
Mm.
It is, it is getting a bit daft, is n't it?
Yes, well, commandeer, hire half of Bill's shed I think.
On second thoughts we could plasticize and sit on it on the patio.

Then we'll have to tip someone on the floor.
Yes, er, no, yonks and yonks, yonks, yonks, yonks ago we had one for a it's from them, absolutely ages ago So that's that lot.
You see they've quoted C Freight, New York to Bombay, and it probably includes F O B New York on fifty tons, twenty thousand six hundred and fifty five U S dollars, now that is over four hundred dollars per ton, know that sounds generous to me Lynda.
Well, well.
Remember that you've got some fairly chunky stuff here, you've got some pieces which weigh an awful lot, where's the.
I'm talking by ton, yeah.
Heavy chunks, er there's no way you're going to get some of this stuff into big big boxes erm, and I mean some of it, there's one piece here eight point nine metres long.
Nine point six metres long, it's heavy and it's awkward.
Seven, two fifty millimetres long, six point eight metres long, and when it's seven point two five metres by three point eight five metres, that's sixteen feet by thirty two feet, ehm, and it's thirteen millimetres thick, it ai n't half gon na weigh..
Yes, I mean that's well over three tonnes a piece.
Jolly good eh.
I queried it, I mean she gave me a precise figure of twenty thousand, and six hundred and fifty five something or other.
Well I actually went back and said I do n't think it's going to cost anything, I told him original twenty four thou-, and I've halved it too about twelve thou.
Twelve thou, you see, I'm just wondering whether I should quote on a C I F basis which I can do you see, on the basis of, this if I add it up.
You see, it's another five per cent.
Ah.
Yes I agree.
Thank you, that was lovely, lovely, lovely, erm it's Mr, erm, and I suppose we ought to, no, ju ju just can you just pause a mo on it please because I'm just looking at the possibilities, there are two names that John has found us instrumentations.
Right, that's, that's O K.
I did actually say to John, that we would look.
He he he says they're probably a bit of a general, but you can always ask them for their catalogue.
Mhm.
Oh, ca n't get the bag open.
Ah Would you like to record a song for posterity Lynda?
Yeah, well I'll enjoy it.
There are several items here Lynda which are two piece construction.
How we choose to do that, I do n't mind.
Ah, well, we want to say at the bottom items one five seven and twenty four are two piece construction.
I think that's probably the best way of doing, leaving it out of the body, I've underlined it in each case here.
just so that we make, oops, ha, ha, almost erm, the red prices are per piece C I F, C two.
C I F, C two, alright, a a aha, dollars, dollars, O K?
Hi Snoop how are you?
Had a great day?
Oh it's a from a, it's a survey thing.
No, no, no, they're er, actually recording sound, the sound of us for prosperity.
Yes it is, it is, yes.
It's er going into an archive, got lots of papers.
Oh it just happened that way.
No afraid not.
Bad luck.
B four O nine.
Yes, that's right.
I suggest we put it once at the end as erm, item so and so, so and so, so and so, are two piece construction.
Where?
Sorry.
Oh yes, his cha yes the the size changed, I corrected the size on it, alright, your two or three feet is where they corrected and my pencil figure is the correct figure in those cases.
Aha.
Ah, no we do n't I just head it, eight hundred H T.
I I Well it's supposed to be spoken English dear, I do n't think, unless you can actually make it speak, it'll be terribly helpful.
Ha, ha, would you close the kitchen doors, so that we do n't get the washing machine singing too loudly for us, thank you.
No, no, it's not ink oil at all, it's alloy, eight hundred H T.
A S T N B four O nine U N S N N one one.
Include the trade name of and we're not buying.
At least if we are, they're keeping awfully quiet about it.
Yes from a different U S mill I think we can say.
Is that making sense Lynda?
Yeah.
I agree with you, yes, I agree with you, but eh, it's surprising how much more competitive it is.
The metals remain nice and weak, I do wish wish we'd get on and get those orders in.
He's gon na wait till the copper price zooms up again, then he'll be back, he never did, order those aluminum rods you know last year.
Darn it.
Yes.
No, no I'd I rather suspect that the erm, the cancelled the contract.
Well if they, they may have bought from Japan or something of that sort, erm, got ta little bit stronger yesterday, one seven one three five in New York.
Was it?
Bill's really enjoying himself out there is n't he?
Goodness knows, demolishing by the sound of it.
Two weeks ex works yes.
Te yes erm currently twelve weeks ex works erm.
No, no, I would n't worry about that, er then, put, cur currently la la la la twelve weeks ex U S er U S factory, U S mill.
Erm, plus delivery time to New York and waiting time for suitable vessel, how about that, really ratting it in.
We'd love a cup of tea, yeah.
Plus sea transit, or something that sort, yes, yes.
Erm, and then after that, no, car carry on with that, let let's get that one out of the way Erm, I think we'd better say, detailed were in electrode, prices to follow.
Cos I'm actually looking at that.
Re-hashing it.
Erm, oh let me just find the papers, see what No I do n't think there's anything else that we can usefully say on there.
Yes I'm certain I have elsewhere.
Yes.
Yes.
Thank you for all that Lynda that's great.
Well erm, ha ha ha ha may I, may I have a look at it?
Looks super to me Lynda.
Mm, mm, I think I'd better check it before we let it go on.
With, were you?
Great.
Tear that, thank you.
Do do, do you want to actually read through figures?
Right, let let, let me do the reading.
Three pieces, thirteen by sixteen fifty five by eight, eight, O, five at one five, nine, nine five point six two each.
Three pieces, thirteen by three eight, fifty by seven two fifty at thirty six four O, point two six each.
Three pieces, thirteen by five fifty by twelve fifty at seven hundred and fifty six ninety.
Three pieces, thirteen by two eight fifty, by two eight fifty, eight nine twenty three point O three.
Three pieces, thirteen by one O five by seven six O at ninety six, ninety one.
Two pieces, thirteen by two four O, by one O eight O, at two ninety nine, forty seven.
Three pieces, thirteen by nine hundred by eight nine hundred at eight seven nine three point two five.
Three pieces, thirteen by twelve hundred by eight seven fifty at eleven five twenty seven, fifty five.
Three pieces, thirteen by four thousand by seven two hundred at three one six one eight point four, four.
One piece thirteen by four five O by eleven sixty five, five seventy six poun dollars seventy.
Three pieces, thirteen by two ten by seven two sixty at one seven five O point seven nine.
Three pieces, eight by seventeen hundred by nine five, five O eleven four seven two point O two.
Six pieces, eight by one fifty by sixteen ten at one seventy two point seventy two.
Six pieces, eight by six twenty by six twenty, two seventy point nine two.
Three pieces, eight by eighteen hundred by nine three hundred at eleven eight hundred and twelve point ninety nine.
Six pieces, at sixty, six pieces, eight by one hundred by ten thirty at seventy two dollars and eight cents.
Thank you.
Good.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
That's all, that I can see, too pleased, but still.
I think I shall if item one is, which is quite a biggie.
Do you know I actually listened to some of this tape and I do n't half sound different on the taped, the real me.
I, yes I I thought I sounded much toffee-er than I feel I do.
No, no.
Right, in that case I'll do it, O K.
How odd that I should be nine cents adrift.
in that.
That is really odd is n't it?
I agree.
Oh absolutely, yes, yes, I been coun can you be nine cents out, I mean, tha tha there's nine of nothing there.
Mm.
And, and I suggest total eh C I F C two of above is a.
Yes.
Fine.
I I suggest again you say, dollars, C I F C two.
Total of the above yes, yes that's great.
Yes the twenty five items above, yes, good idea.
Yes.
And we thought that was a frightfully clever machine when it first arrived.
Bill, next door, he's d company d boss of a plastics company.
Yes I agree.
He had a perfectly good Audi when he moved here last year, so why in the heck does he need a monster B M W like that then?
It it's up to you son.
Yeah.
Up to you sonny boy.
I know two or three lads of the next generation beyond us who are doing in their twenties rather better than their fathers in their fifties.
Most of them in banking or accountancy.
The thing that about Bill is, he does have an amazing amount of labour saving gear, like electric hedge shears trimmers, and erm.
He he he's got erm a pump for the erm, hosepipe, so that when he hoses the front or the car he's really got a spurt, yes, yes, he actually put's the hose in one side and goes sh shoots it out again.
Well if you're gon na get the bottom of the garden where you're downhill it's not too bad but when you're coming up here and doing as he was watering the new grass on the front he he I mean yes he is below it it's the bottom of your storage tank in c in the attic which counts.
Yes, oh, you may be right there Lynda you may be right.
Now we do n't have huge, we we.. we've turned down our thing so that we do n't get the kitchen sink, which is also off the mains, brrrr splattering everywhere, so that could explain why mine is n't as good as it could be, yes you're right.
Yes yes.
I.
I assume you're right Lynda, but quite frankly I do n't know.
Mhm.
Oh really.
Yes, yes, treader.
Yes.
Did you come to any conclusion, you looked at the Which Board on that did n't you?
Ah, I thought perhaps you, you anticipated a husband without an arm or something.
With, with an electric, mains electric.
Oh my god.
Ooh.
Yes, yes.
Thank god he's got a circuit breaker.
Mm.
Yes.
The number of bulldog clips on that order tray seems to Lynda, are they breeding?
Do you think we can can, yes do you think we can not get any more orders this month?
Right.
They said they're going to take ten days to make up their mind Lynda so we'll give them the benefit of the doubt.
No, I can, I can just about bear the in June not a.
Right.
Yes please.
Super.
I did n't even write that one in the enquiry book, I'll do it now, now the values come down a bit.
Gosh, twelve orders are made out of it.
Ca n't recall when we last had as many as that.
Well we'll except a.
Yes, yes I think you could be well be right there Lynda.
You think it's superstition do you?
Yes.
Yes I'm sorry to have.
We're, we're six thousand seven hundred pounds short of last year's total.
Yes, I I want you to add another five percent.
Well the average is nudging fifty thousand a month Lynda.
Strewth I'm hungry.
Of course, yes, he's not even, perhaps he'll bring the other pocket full of petit fours.
yes.
Do they have a prize for every customer do you think one way or a.
Never occurred to me that he was anything but Lynda.
I'm thinking of the other poor chaps who might not feel that they're getting cut glass decanters.
Ah, this is daft, yes.
Amazing.
They used Marsting that's quite yes, yes.
tell me, did n't even ask me why I wanted to know.
Very wise of him, you taking the dog?
Right, I'll come with you if I may.
Yes I had a feeling you might have done, we j we probably sent it and bamboozle him.
Ah.
Really, yes, yes.
Ha, ha, ha.
Yes.
Yes, I think that's fair enough, let's get on with it and clear into out of the system anyway shall we?
Yes it has, it has Right well I hope you have a pleasant weekend.
Yeah, we do n't have any huge, oh of course I'm croqueting are n't I?
Croquet, croquet.
Any second now.
Leave it all till Monday Lynda, it's been a long hard week.
Mrs er.
Yeah, quite right, eh Dillis has let planning permission.
And she's a re-applied.
That's all it's about, a far as I'm concerned can sort out the problem.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
It it it's a problem is n't it?
Yes, come on Emma.
In the car here dear.
Yes come on.
Good dog, in you go, right, thanks Tony bye.
Yes, yes, it's sort of, all a bit naked is n't it?
Yes.
Well as I stop by for training, look for something along our side if we choose is there?
Yeah, right, O K.
Oh, sorry.
Yes.
Ah, erm.
Do n't know who that lady, looking lady who waved at me is?
Betty?
No I have n't in the last couple of days, she was around.
Yes.
Er we're going to Mottingham's centre are n't we?
Gardening centre.
Oh whereabouts?
Oh I see, right oh.
Yes.
Yes.
Oh yes.
No I do n't remember your telling me.
Mhm.
Yes.
Right.
Phew.
Yes.
Yes.
Was Suzannah hurt?
Yes.
And this took place in Hurst Road?
I mean.
tha that's a bit of a nonsense to my mind.
You ca n't move at more than about fifteen miles an hour maximum down Hurst Road anyway can you?
Absolutely.
Absolutely right, yes.
Well I do n't suppose Suzannah was doing anything she should n't have been.
Yes.
Yes.
Oh its variable.
Mm.
Good.
if you like.
Right.
Well I mean, who's her broker?
Oh, she should use Jeffrey has n't she?
Well I would n't, I, I would recommend that you tell her to contact Jeffrey, say will you take this on for me please, and ca carry my car insurance for me in future.
For anything?
Yes.
Incredibly expensive, yes.
These are n't.
Right, do you want to go to the garden centre at Mottingham?
Other end of Mottingham Lane.
Oh thank you, yes.
Oh hang on a minute my wallet.
I've only got three thank you.
Yeah, thanks.
Thank you guv, care to pay for it?
I did n't get anything.
No.
They they've got a free nylon bag in, in those where they.
Right, shall we get in the car then?
Really?
Mm.
Alright now.
Thank you.
We want to go back up again do n't we?
It does n't really go through, does it?
There it is the end look.
Aha.

We do that well.
bring a, I knew there was something else I had to bring fabric.
Not really warm is it?
Aha.
Right.

Relatively recently.
Yeah yeah it's fascinating to think why that particular tree actually keeled over, and all the others around, it's no bigger than the others is it?
Well look at the size of it's trunk.
It might have been, yeah, just a one.

It's not supper time yet Digger.
Has you got lots of bits left over?
Aha.
Yes.
Yes, she's very disheartening the way she picks at it I should think.
Very disagreeable that's for sure.
Yes I like it, fish pie or something.
Cos of me.
No we're not in the woods proper here.
This is woods.
Must investigate this Mottingham garden club.
Well fifty pence a year, I think I might even be able to afford to belong to it.
Sorry.
Would be Kidbrook I suppose would it?
Oh yes, yes.
Fine looking bird, is that a female?
Good colouring anyway.
Yes.
Such a naked is n't it?
It could do with an awful lot more trees all over it.
Yes.
brought dog along here.
That Saturday I said I was going to collect John's suitcase from Susan.
Erm.
I, I came this way and called on Susan, she was n't in, I ran the dog round here and er called on Susan again and she still was n't in, so that was that.
They're really going to town on these pavements are n't they?
Amazing.
Mm.
Apparently state of pavements is the thing that people complain about most to local councils.
Pretty scruffy yard is n't it?
Why have you heard me say it before today Seems strange that they need to throw out those old curb stones, you'd of imagined they could of used them again, would n't you?
the same time.
Yes.
Whoops.
Thank you, now er.
No I've got nothing else to be doing at this moment.
Good.
Good.
No it ca n't, it'll be nice to see the back of them,.
I'm glad it's not.
You'll be working twenty four hours a day for those six weeks as it is.
July twenty seventh.
What are you going to celebrate then?
Who you going to invite to the lunch party?
Anybody else completed their reports?
Did I tell you, I mentioned to er Ray about Phil and he remembered him.
Some conference in Eastbourne, or whatever.
Well they did n't teach in the same place, so why should they?
Erm, I mean, they, they met occasionally, but er, no particular reason to remember.
I had quite a good chat with Ray the other day, yes, eh.
Really?
Do you think it was genuine?
Yes.
Well,.
I mean it's one of those things, that eh.
Yes.
It really is a bit odd the way those two bits of the wood do not connect.
Well, the green chain walk went up in through, into the houses.
So eh, I doubt that it does.
Yes it is actually.
Too fast.
Perhaps she can sell them a few sleeping policeman, I ca n't remember her saying so as such.
I spoke to Tony today.
Oh, scientific instrumentation.
Got a chap in Japan who wants some.
He's a bit woolly about what he wants.
Tony gave him the name of his, pal of his, who is professor of biochemical engineering as in University College, London.
You're panting Digger, do you fancy a gin? eh?
Dog, dog size gin.
A very mean one.
Did she bury the Bonio yesterday or she actually end up crunching it?
Oh, are n't you really Digger, I always thought you were pretty daft.
Well John was saying to me, that eh, Bill is such a perfectionist that although he's done good works already, he will ensure that every single corner of that house will be immaculate and exactly the way he wants it, but it'll take him three or four years to do it.
Well, that, that was just to take down one reel of wall paper on.
I hate decorating.
Yes, it's dreary.
You'll take up decorating will you?
Oh will you, oh.
You mean your parents ' house?
Oh right, yes.
Sorry we did n't get any plants.
They did n't look very spectacular, I did n't know what the price was, but they certainly did n't look all that special.
Mm.
Really?
Yes.
There used to be a place who, place opposite on the same side as the the White Horse that eh, was selling plants, but do n't like that naked fence at all.
Bring back the ivy I say.
Yes, yes, that, that will be if it's still there.
No, O K that, that ought to be pinned down.
Ought to have a crack at that some time.
Oh no, I'm sure.
Oh and your handbag.
These days they tend to think that, something you should save, and not waste in the garden.
Yes, yes, he is Katie, thanks.
Oh do you want this in your thing for, oh no it's not for school is it, no, no, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.
Oh yes, right.
They are pretty are n't they?
They are original geraniums.
I think.
Yes, the, the delphiniums do n't produce much of a bloom.
Do they?
Well that one over there is the established one.
Yes, yes.
I always think of delphiniums as having blooms right the way up the stalk.
Ah never dear, me be wrong.

Well, well it's, it's driving into the rose, here which is not very clever.
I've never seen it so flourishing.
Oh really, really, yes.
Well I must say I much prefer it like that cos it covers up the ugly fence.
Well it's not beautiful is it?
Oh really, what's that another fuchsia is n't it, erm.
Has it been watered today?
Perhaps that needs a stalk in the middle.
Murray overseas, ca n't quote today, first thing Monday.
Thanks Debbie I've got the message.
There.
Why not? want any due?
Oh.
How many have you got next week?
Ha ha.
I shall leave you to it.
All and they'zre tomorrow.
I'm sorry I've missed that.
Well, that does n't matter, it's me it's recording and whoever I talk to.
Aha ha.
Cos I'm really rather super that's why.
Gosh mum leaves this lying around does n't she?
Wonderful for stubbing toes on.
Madame, may I pour you, have the pleasure of pouring you.
hot.
Right, by all means.
Dry or middling?
Middling, I hope I've got some middling, I'll go and have a look.
Right, I see what's what.
Right, were you going to sit now?
Right well.
Taking Ceila with you or what?
Alright.
Your party fruit sherry my dear, I er.
I just had a chat with Christine.
Just fine.
Fine, yes, yes, yes.
Christine says her blood pressure is O K, all's well then.
I think she's been back to her G P.
Do you want anything?
Well we're having prawns and something are we?
I'll get the nibbles.
. Oh hello pussy cat, you look cosy.
Oh you've got another pineapple, well done.
Great.
Do we have some serviettes?
What'll we want, fish knives?
is it fish pie or what?
Well you do n't like the fish pie.
D'you think you could get some non brand cereals tomorrow?
Please.
Did you, thank you.
I do n't know, I have n't looked, let's see.
Oh love, oh super, oh.
It depends on the..
Oh good.
, ca n't imagine anything looking nicer than.
Shall I open a bottle?
Fish wine?
Yes Christine was happy enough.
All is well down in Devon.
Steven and his numerous family are still on the canal's somewhere having a hol.
Did you enjoy that little nonsense.
Do they go too, Snoopy, or not?
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Too good.
Smells delicious, have some more wine, sherry?
Good.
I think smoked haddock has a really good flavour, aroma, aroma, as well as flavour.
You're welcome.
Please do n't burn the paintwork.
Incidently.
incidently it's not a good idea to leave the double glazing bit swinging, erm, or, or the other one.
The other one come come come crashing through the double glazing.
Yes, exactly.
Oh your orange bit's looking very good is n't it?
Yes.
Hardly when we steamed up like this.
Aaargh.
Brushing past the plant and it fell over, that's all.
It is, it is a jungle already.
Would the last of the.
Lovely greenery dear.
Why, why does it worry you?
Thank you dear.
Were they nicer than usual?
Different.
What was the difference?
What the flavour in the prawns you mean?
Mm.
Looks very green dear.
Do you think I'm environmental?
Ha, there was a knock at the door.
I'm to explain roughly what they're up to, so I invited them in, they then explained exactly what they were up to, fine I'll do it.
They gave me, the equipment, and the tapes and the batteries and eh, the recorded paper and all the rest of it, cos that's part, essential part of the whole thing.
Oh yes, yes.
I've no idea, I did n't ask.
Oh, accents, things like that.
Spoken, spoken English as opposed to record of written English, that's the essence of it.
Mm.
Yes, the, the lady in question was saying what, she had to have, I think, I think what she was saying was, that for every person over forty five she had to have somebody under forty five.
Yeah, probably.
When I answer the telephone, I switch it off.
I done that numerous times today but I'm trying to do it right by keeping it going all the time when I'm likely to be in conversation, so there are occasional blank spaces on the tapes.
It was quite funny yesterday, because, he, when I went out in the garden there was a football nestling in the rose bushes, I heaved it back over the fence, thirty seconds later the two boys came roaring out of the house, and about thirty seconds after that.
it, no, it's up in the app top of the apple tree, and they were chucking sticks at it, trying to get it down again.
Well I've said it actually, if you do it frequently you ca n't be bothered I suppose.
Mm.
Oh no.
utterly overwhelmed dear, why?
So Sam does n't like her either.
I think not liking must come into it partly.
Mean to say, that, that's the honest.
No exactly, not likely my dear.
No.
Yes quite.
You do n't like her.
You've no reason to like her.
Okay.
She's not really very with it, is she?
Not very intelligent.
What was that for?
Why did you want?
Oh.
It's a question of how you dance round them I suspect rather than the actual pole.
Do n't remember that.
Do you remember dancing at the hospice?
hospice, yes.
It was sunny and.
Were they?
How you feeling now?
Why?
Yes, yes.
How much of a display have you got so far?
Oh more now.
come afterwards.
Mm.
There's a wonderful picture of the, body of a a women all curled up in today's paper.
Mm.
Yes.
Yes,.
Will your monster germ be part of the big show?
Oh charming.
Mm.
No.
No, I shall, yes, yes.
That was bad, Mrs should be taken to task for that.
She should have rung immediately and said there was a question mark.
Yes.
Yes.
Oh indeed she would, and Cathy would have been sensitive enough to appreciated the need of teeny weenies.
Mm.
No, no no, no.
Mm.
Yes, the, the night before.
yes.
Yes.
Mm.
Very unprofessional, very unsuitable.
Yes, quite.
I still have n't got my first aid certificate.
I think perhaps, I shall contact Cyril, and say how about that drink we we've agreed to, we, we've enjoyed together?
Couple of months, well couple of months ago we said, you know, we live close enough for goodness sake let's get together one night.
Yes.
Mentioned it, and then,.
Yes.
Yep.

So which I was told.
No nobody knows.
Yes, yes.
Mm.
Yes.
Yes, well.
Snoopy that's not the way you pass things round, it is?
You pick up the dish and.
Very sweet of you to choose for me dear.
No thanks, I had that at lunch time did n't I?
I try to have two pieces of fruit a day, one being an orange the other an apple, or an alternative pear.
I had that extraordinary cox yes.
Oh.
Oh goody goody, I shall have an orange.
I'll have that one.
That's right.
Lying in the park at the back I would have thought.
You're young enough not to notice.
Ha, sort of your situation is n't it?
Is there still a boycott at the canteen?
Is that because they've got fed up or because things have improved?
Nothing's improved.
Theatrical make-up, really?
Millenary had a lovely old fashion rings.
I think you should do a survey, approach them with a clipper board as they come in and say.
delighted to see you,.
Certainly.
Even the canteen staff do n't know who they are.
I do n't think, eh, college of fashion should be supporting the ladies of the streets dear.
You mean bag ladies or street ladies?
Aha.
Why do a, er, an old lady come in and fill up an ice cream tub, do you mean an old ice cream tub?
So where she fill it up from?
Do you give her a little bit of they're.
Does she pay for it?
Strange business.
Do they go into the bar?
Mm, mm.
What's a pint of bitter?
Yes.
Is there bar students?
Is there a steward?
Mm.
When we were out front earlier today, Rocket tried to take a short cut across the front garden, Candy saw her off, like a.
Petrol pussy cat.
Really.
Ha, ha, ha.
No.
At least we know where she drinks.
What do you have to say to that?
Any booked?
Mm.
as a library employee, does she get a benefit?
No, I meant, I meant from booking the cinema.
Not a lot, but there's a leisure point which tells you everything that's happening in Bromley, inside the library, did occur to you.
But you did n't book the tickets out of the papers last night dear.
Oh really enjoy that do n't you?
I'll wash up first.
It'll be over and done with by then wo n't it?
No.
Stain in the outside, but I ca n't see any sign at all.
Pardon?
Yes, probably.
Mind your nose Digger.
How do you recognize Jasmine?
A tiny leaf is n't it?
It's not been fed for two years has it, so.
Well it's true is n't it?
I mean it has n't actually had any grow.
Super.
It's probably why I can actually see it peeping out over the top.
What's this plant?
Oh.
Do you want me to take cuttings of it?.
Oh.
No reply?
So he wo n't be coming out?
What does it actually prove, osmosis or diffusion?
Pardon?
Ah, that's the passing of a, erm, er, erm, something, no it ca n't be osmosis, cos it's a part of membrane.
Passing of a liquid.
liquid, no diffusion can anywhere, does n't have to pass membrane at all.
Passing of a liquid through a membrane leaving part of it's substance behind.
Boom, boom, super.
Yes what does that mean in practice Snoopy?
Does it?
Kidneys or something like that.
There's er no practical application as far as you know.
Well I ca n't see that that would actually prevent action.
Is it?
Oh.
You have n't got a plant there have you?
No not when it's chopped off top and bottom like a stick from the fridge dear, it's not a plant.
Oh.
I'm coming.
Philip, left hand column there.
Never heard of that.
Does n't sound worth bothering really.
Very short cutting, low.
They're a bit skinny are n't they?
Mm.
Well we can do that from the oak container out there.
There were two different ivies in that were n't there?
Lettuce.
Ha, ha, ha, ha,.
Sort of geranium crossed with ivy.
I think of eh, tend to think of the yellow, er browny shades as being azalea, rather than rhododendron.
White, pink, red into purple.
There are indeed, yes, but you do n't tint, get the, the yellows into rhododendrons do you?
Yes, I've got lovely purply of variety.
When you get such a splodge of colour eh, it's difficult to know just how well adjusted your colour level is on the television.
No.
I'm afraid I do n't.
Yes.
Extraordinary colouring, extraordinary, now's the time one ought to be out and about, seeing that sort of thing.
This is.
this is the season, yes.
Linda loved it at Saville Garden last weekend, weekend before..
Mm.
Beautifully prepared soil, I mean you try that with our soil you'll damage your fingers, it's like a flipping rock.
Not with your fingers you did n't.
Do you want to go and have a jazz tonight?
On how it'll grow them you mean?
Plenty of comments otherwise on them.
Really?
I've never heard of it.
Yeah, yeah.
What's it gon na, follow here?
Sounds rather hard.
Oh it always is, is n't it?
Go and live there.
They're doing away from their homes.
Yes.
Derek's picking you up about two tomorrow.
Yep.
No.
Mm.
I do n't suppose we'll be there for more than two, three hours.
Yes.
Yes.

It's the basis of redial dialysis.
Well there's a signifi the, the osmosis really is a membrane which allows water to go through, but nothing else.
The promise of rain is rather pleasant is n't it?
You my love.
Oh I recommend the Philip erm,.
Snoopy have a good day today?
Oh she sweated at it, yes.
She did the sweating instead of the instruction, yes.
Atoms felling pollution, I like that.
What about?
Quoting?
I do a lot of that.
Do a lot of quoting, but do n't get many orders out of it.
Oh yes.
I thought the second half of it was hilarious I've read it before.
Mm.
Well the French Connection starts on T V at ten o'clock so come and watch that.
Classic film dear.
I do n't know, probably.
About an hour and a half later.
Yes As we're not conversing very much I'm going to switch this machine.
How are you this morning?
O K.
Nothing in the mail this morning.
Hello I'll have a look.
There's only a bag of peat on the doorstep, here it is look, indoors.
No.
Take it off the yoghurt pot.
Hello.
Thank you very much.
Yes sure.
Right, just this, anywhere?
Right, what is this Datapost?
Similar sort of thing is it?
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Bye.
Shall I cut you some toast?
Couple of pieces?
O K.
I've said no, hang on what's that?
What, no, nothing to do with the Open University.
I decided it was jolly expensive and eh, was n't going to do what I felt I wanted it to do.
Confidence, public speaking, capability.
Really, aha.
ready to cook.
Aha.
Goody, goody.
Sorry, you're going to freeze it?
Yes.
Oh well done.
Very good.
What time you due at the hairdresser, quarter to?
Five minutes to go.
Would you like me to try Veronica later or deliver that?
Good dog, good dog.
Hello girls.
Would you like your car washing?
What a lovely idea, I do n't think so though, thank you very much, you're very well equipped, I'm very impressed.
No thanks very much indeed though.
Alright then.
Did, did get a swirl earlier this week, thank you very much.
Bye.
Bye.
We've just had half an hour in Jubilee park, extremely brisk walk, I feel ext jolly toasty now.
How was your outing?
Good looking buds on there are n't they?
Do n't worry about it.
A well exercised beast there I think.
Good.
How you going to do it, microwave?
Cook it.
Roasting, place in a baking tray, gas mark five for thirty five minutes.
So it's on is it?
Good.
Cooking time will need to be extended when cooking more than one product at a time.
Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.
It is straightforward, thirty five minutes, shall I set thirty five?
It's not very agreeable at all, is it?
Oh did you tell them?
Well I mean that, they do n't expect necessarily to see the evidence do they?
Not a lot of people in the park.
Where'd they go?
Whoops, bad luck, your toe?
Why wo n't you go to the chiropodist.
I can get you some army boots.
Oh when she having a picnic?
Oh I see, yes, I see.
What have we here?
The pond, pond weed, water weed.
Oh, got the beasties in too has it?
Right.
Yes, what would you like cider?
Sherry right.
Yes, the water temperature's well.
Right.
Mm.
Oh really.
Oh brown one and a gold one.
Oh yes.
Here, have a sherry dear.
Well it's multi purpose cupboard dear.
Meet anyone when you were out?
I a, I only saw half a dozen people in the park, past a party of riders, lady who approved of my litter picking.
Yes.
Oh really?
Did she see what you was doing?
at the fellow, or at.
Yeah.
Yes.
Ha Well done dear, you've done your bit for humanity today.
Yes.
It's not capable of being frozen again you mean or what?
You have a sandwich making sesh do you?
Yep.
Yep.
Pardon me.
Yes, goes rather soggy does n't it?
You just hoik a packet out of the freezer every day and put it in the fridge for her do you?
Mm.
Some glorious first of June my goodness, is n't it?
I was wearing my coat and my gloves at the park.
Was it a cigarette carton the fellow chucked?
Oh yes, yes oh, all this instant disposal stuff really is a pain.
No course they do n't.
Yes.
Yes, that's one of the blessing of people not parking so much down the road now, they do n't empty out their ashtrays and their junk from time to time.
Kids walking up and down still drop their sweet packets though.
Terrible getting old.
All all it's doing is staying on the outside dear.
No, but it could be simply for being shaken around.
Well I mean there's a yellow streak all the same, all the way up there look.
Is it coming up, perhaps it's pouring out of the top dear.
It's all yellow at the top.
Well you eat that piece dear.
As it's gloriously golden.
Yes.
Would you like me to buy you a foot bath?
Massages your feet, with water, warm water jets each night when you come in.
Why not?
It would do them ever so much good.
I'm thinking of getting an ozone.
generator or.
An ozone clean the air.
A nuclear guaranteed zone.
Oh.
An ioniser that's what I mean dear, yeah.
In the office dear, where it need n't concern, your hair looks very nice.
Well, give, you did sound a little scathing to there of my darling.
I want, I need to be fresh in the office I do n't want to be fresh in front of the television, I want to go to sleep.
Perhaps one can have a personal ioniser that clips on the lapel or the belt.
Yes, yes, I would be quite glad when this lot's over.
Are you being inhibited or exhibitionist or what?
Being inhibited, oh I have n't noticed it.
well I'll switch off if I'm being something rather good, so do n't I feel a bit sorry for those goldfish.
Well, I reckon that plastic bag squashed them all, get away blossom.
I do n't think they're allowed to move, have n't got any room to move round in there have they?
Have they?
Ah yes, you're absolutely right, they're your little toys, look at that tail.
No quite right.
Quite right, except soon as your back's turned dear.
A shilling each.
Yeah I know, fifty pence each.
Seventy five oh that's a rip off dear.
Oh.
Cheeky devil.
Cheeky devil, yes.
Those are the benefits of doing shopping in Chislehurst High Street are they?
Have they?
It's a much cleaner, brighter place now is n't it?
Yes, certainly was a pretty sordid effort before.
What is that?
A little furry beast.
Oh.
Can you, can you breed your own fur coat?
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
That's a saucy pose is n't it?
You're asking for trouble Digger.
No.
I hope not.
Oh that looks good, yes.
Well I said to David, is there, I understand this is a game where people get very seedy with each other and he said no not at all not at all.
David is such a mild mannered fellow that er he would n't know how to.
He said and he said it's a game of great tactics and erm.
Ca n't think why, temptation to be intelligent to be tactician do n't you?
What, what has niceness got to do with confidence for goodness sake.
No, you ca n't keep all these food dishes can you?
Apparently before some time in December, he was diagnosed as having an ulcer and almost immediately afterwards had a slight stroke.
And he's only relatively recently gone back to work.
And he's been under somebody or other at Charing Cross Hospital I, who has a rather different approach to the whole thing, many other people's involve rest and doing nothing and so on and so forth.
say.
Say at all, I did n't ask.
Erm, but it's obviously been a very trying time for them.
And one daughter is taking A levels and the other is on her way, I'm not sure if she's actually taking O er GCSEs or.
Two years behind is she?
Yep, and the older one fancies medicine, but erm, might know, her her projections are great, but any, inadequate for that, so erm, bio-chemistry is a possibility, but erm, with just got to wait and see.
Has n't mentioned at all.
Yes Geraldine certainly implied that it had been a jolly hard time.
Yes.
Mm.
Oh.
Yes, to Florence eh.
Wonderful place for a conference.
Oh dear,.
As long as Anthony has a break or something, Gerald Geraldine is not working?
No she did say that she a, had a, been supply teaching a year or two ago.
Yeah, and she tried it, the personal experience was wonderful.
Aha.
They're still in the same place are they?
St John's, mm, mm.
Oh.
Oh really, what leaving his firm?
My goodness.
How intriguing.
The implication was he had, na, that was O K.
You could imagine been worry ca n't you?
Yes he his ways though.
That hanky ironing episode.
When you were all in the flat together.
The four of us were going out somewhere Anthony said, hang on, hang on, I'm not ready yet, got out your ironing board and your iron and ironed himself a hanky.
Incredible.
All three of us.
I'm glad you said perhaps.
Ah.
How thoughtful.
Well that was n't bad.
Yes, that's..
Ah.
You do n't look too good Digger, let it mature a little.
, oh, it did make you sneeze a lot did n't it Digger?
Oh charming, I see, since when did you last chucked one of yours out of the beasties.

Well you're leaning on the table now, I ca n't think what oh.
Do you have a secret deal with Oxfam?
I can do with one of those three clematis would.
They really are pathetic are n't they?
No, I envisaged when I bought those superb places that they would cover the fence.
Oh, look at.
It's very graceful about one of those oscillating sprinklers, you know.
Great fanning waves to and fro.
Yes, I think that's fair enough.
Well done.
Splendid.
Saves the water going to waste.
Sure, sure.
Would you like a plate?
No there's nothing there for you dear.
Not a lot of flavour I should bread.
Chili and grapes, they're cool enough.
Sorry not over there.
There's already a hyperathan there, which Willy over chopped, it is a beautiful plant.
There's no room for it.
Well, it needs a darn big space then, does n't it?
Well I would recommend.
that you put it behind a save bush, chop that azalea bush, stick it back there, that'll keep the broom coming in.
It does n't need staking surely.
I do n't think so.
Has n't got a stake in there has it?
Oh in the pot I mean, now.
Were n't taken?
Right, I'm quite confident.
Shame those coming up, some of them purple.
I suppose they'll be alright when the iris disappear.
Actually it's red and pink ones that's rather nice.
Very pleased at those original gerania.
Not too sure.
Used to come up purple as well as pink.
This is a lovely colour of iris just here is n't it?
Why not have the lavatera in there, instead of the tree?
Mm Have you enjoyed the wallflowers this year?
Mm.
I think I'll be happier to get back to the traditional gold and yellows and browns on wallflowers.
Yeah.
They'll certainly be colourful.
Mm.
Thank you I enjoyed my supper, my lunch dear.
Are you going to do a proper Dennis?
Come on.
Does she actually sit up for Dennis?
Sit.
Emma, sit.
Now come on, never.
mind the food.
Sit.
Right, good dog.
Oh really.
Oh, I see.
One last one, there you are dear, that's a good dog.
He said two, he'll call for me.
What's that you've put in there so far?
Mm mm.
Mm mm.
Yes.
I think they've still got a fair whack of root bedding plants in, particularly of good value.
Try try the other place at the bottom of erm Mottingham lane.
If a, if it's not successful there.
O K.
Oh yes, do you know, I was trying to remember what it was you wanted from that place over in Homesdale, you, you know where I mean do n't you?
Well it's where, next to the place I bought the tiles from.
Well, yes, you know the tile shop do n't you?
Ah mm.
It allows the water temperatures to equalize.
Yes, it'll be more stable in that in the car wo n't it?
Washing up bowl is very shallow do n't pretend to it's deep.
Oh I see.
I see.
Yes.
Why?
Oh right.
Why are you doing this?
What's the object?
Oh.
Yes.
Oh yes.
I'm surprised,.
I'll have a small cafe with you.
Yep.
Thank you.
thank you.
On whose behalf should I arrears?
Oh, really?
Actually an interesting article is it?
Mm Go and put a jumper on I think.
Golly, very exotic.
They are, getting lots and lots of people to do it.
and it's going to be a record, simply a record of erm, English as it's spoken in nineteen ninety one, I've got a little blurb on it which I'll show you.
Having put a jumper on I do n't know where to clip the blinking microphone now.
Oh yes.
Yes and they they provided me with boxes of tapes and batteries and eh Walkman and so on and so forth and eh, I'm trying to be conscientious.
Ah well, if, if it is n't I switch it off.
Dispose of it, it's eh, somebody's having a fete or something.
Oh it's a funny old day today is n't it?
Well I thought it was when I went out and exercised the dog before lunch, I went up to Jubilee Park and eh, I had a very brisk walk indeed and I was absolutely lathered by the time I got back to the car, after half an hour.
Yes.
Yes.
Absolutely, absolutely.
Your son had better things to do had he?
Aha.
Yes.
Oh has he, ah.
He seemed happy enough when I called.
I see.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha yes, yes indeed, ha, ha, ha.
I was just thinking what an intriguing colour they were.
Fuchsia, would you call it?
Yeah, yeah, it's all a bit of pizzazz I suppose.
Yes.
Or or probably neither of them are connected.
Still a noisy little engine though, is n't it, my goodness.
Yes, yes.
Yes, yes.
Oh yes, yes.
Did you see that the British High Commissioner of Sri Lanka has been chucked out of Sri Lanka?
Er, he, there was a pic there was a picture of him on the report in the paper and he was sitting in his convertible Morris Minor.
And they are, they are very popular vehicles in Sri Lanka, and somebody's about to set up a factory there to make the bulk of the parts.
Rather oddly there are two or possibly even three Morris Minor centres who parts, that's in Bath, they're, they've seemed to have concentrated in Bath rather, rather oddly.
And I get erm, one of my customers in Trinidad runs a Morris Minor still.
And eh, he occasionally asks me to get bits and pieces.
Yes.
Surely.
Yes, yes.
Yes, they, they.
Tough, tough little beasts are n't they?
And of course they've actually made eh, the bodies with er metal not tissue paper in those days did n't they?
Really, yes, yes.
Yes there were.
Only the Mini when it first came out was a shocker was n't it?
Absolute shocker.
Yes.
Oh.
How curious.
Yes, absolutely amazing.
Oh dear.
Yes, yes, British Rail have got big problems in that way, have n't they?
And rail railways really ought to be far better developed than they are in this country, eh.
Absolutely, absolutely, but I mean, I I ship goods out of this country into the continent and further afield, erm, rail is just not an option that I can consider.
It's er it's not feasible.
It's not the point is it?
Mm.
Surely, surely, yes, and thirty, forty, fifty years ago, rail was an acknowledged method of shipping things into from Europe.
And then there were people who specialized in it, I do n't suppose from a moment there are now.
They just.
Yes.
Yes.
Absolutely.
Surely, surely, it makes much more sense, you can read a book and.
Yes, yes I agree.
All clear on the left.
Far too busy, yes.
Yes, yes, it's, otherwise it's very neat here, you know in this, these little spaces are really incredibly small.
Aha.
In the States they have particularly small apertures to the petrol tanks for unleaded, do they here?
Are right, yes.
Sure.
No, no, quite performance is not what counts is it?
Do n't you think it would reach?
Yes What's that?
That's an unleaded only pump I think.
Yes.
You save a few more coppers do n't you?
Forty five point four, I'll, I'll sort this out in a minute, I do n't normally have this trouble at the station.
Ah, I ca n't see what.
Ah well.
And erm, they've got some new system of a little plastic card, which they stick into the machine each time.
It, well it notches up points for Argos.
Oh are they?
Oh I see.
Yes.
It it's all rather ironic when you think that Argos grew out of Green Shield.
It's, it's the same system eventually is n't it?
Yes, I believe what did it was Tesco's them out.
Tesco were the grocery chain and the Green Shield Stamps and it was the kiss of death for Green Shield when they did that.
They staggered on for a year or two after that, but Tesco's had a big, big change of policy they were no longer high and kick them out cheap, they decided to promote a quality in which stamps did not go for and erm.
I do n't know.
I, I do n't, that's ahead of us you mean?
Yeah, oh really,.
Yes, yes.
I, I pity the poor typist has to transcribe this as and when if it happens, ha, ha she's going to get some very strange noises, including me having a pee and flushing the loo before lunch, what have you, I forgot to switch it off.
Well I, I can, I mean if, if somebody erm, objects to the fact that being recorded and let's say erm private business meeting or something in that sense.
That's right.
That's right.
But if somebody, and they say to you, try, try not to tell people in advance because it inhibits them, I, I'm not at all certain about that, but still, erm.
But if people object when you tell them afterwards, you're at liberty to erase and, so.
on and so forth, so,.
Well, not necessarily, sometimes I do n't tell them at all or they comment on it and I explain, it's a, but it's only been yesterday and today you see really.
They, they asked that it be done on a Friday and a Saturday and that they appeared on Thursday with it, erm, I'm getting on with it.
It was quite entertaining yesterday, today's becoming a bit of a bore because the tapes only last forty five minutes, so you've got to.
change, change over and change the tapes and all that sort of thing and erm they give you packets of batteries and your supposed to change the batteries every two to three tapes, every four sides in other words.
So you're fiddling around with it and that.
It's a proper Sony Walkman.
It's certainly good quality recording.
Oh it is, yes.
Make the exercise worthwhile.
Very much so, yes.
Yes indeed.
I can remember several years ago bringing in a seventeen year old baby sitter to sit with Susannah, and I heard thirty bob.
And she said, well what's is it?
She had not a clue.
Not a clue.
Yes.
But they will say two pence these days wo n't they?
Not tuppence.
And, and look at you as if you're an old fogey if you say tuppence I expect.
And do you remember as a child, people used to talk of four and twenty and five and twenty past?
That's totally disappeared has n't it?
Yes, but instead of twenty five past, they've said five and twenty past.
quite often.
And eh, curious twist that.
That's right and the point really is with time, you're not interested that it's two twenty four.
You, are, are, am I early,.
am I on time, am I late,.
have I to, how long is it till I'm due, whatever.
That, that's right, you've still got time or you'd better get a move on, it's that sort of reaction that your brain makes is n't it?
No.
That's right, that's right, I, I tend to keep my watch to the minute if I possibly can, but that's bad habit or really habit from the days when I was catching trains every day, and I'd never caught a train with any time to spare, erm.
Mine's a good old fashioned proper mechanical wind up job yes.
My father gave it to me for my seventeenth birthday.
I do indeed, yes, yes, it's the only watch I own, and it's the only watch I've ever had, no, no, that's true, er not true I should say I've got a half hunter.
Which eh, if I put this in for cleaning, or.
Yes.
yes.
Well my father was a commercial traveller in jewellery, silver ware.
watches, and this is actually one of his samples.
And this is a Sotino which is a quality brand in those days, I, I, do n't know if it still is, I assume it is, erm, which was not advertised at all, and although the Rolex's and so on in this world have been heavily advertised as they came on the market, Sotino's never really was, so my father had a struggle I suspect selling.
Yeah.
No there are n't, I had it done last year at erm, oh what's it called,, Sidcup.
Do you know the?
Beyond the station.
yes tiny little place, and it was, it was n't totally satisfactory initially in that they erm, they left it with some sort of erm cock up, I could n't wind it up, there was something wrong with the crown click, or something of the sort, when I got it back, so I had to take it back again, but otherwise they seemed to be people who are well aware of watches in the best sense and eh, he said this is a an excellent movement and eh far better than the ones I normally see.
Erm, but, I mean it does n't look very special does it?
But absolutely everything of course other than the movement changed since I was seventeen.
New case, new dial, new hands, new everything.
And, and I suspect that'll be jolly difficult to get that sort of thing done these days.
Mm, mm.
Oh yes, but I, I think as I recall I got it without too, without too much trouble.
But I mean, going back to the fact it's my one and only watch, I should think Susannah has had eight or ten watches.
She, she, looks upon them as a thoroughly disposable commodity.
Five or ten pounds is the price that has to be paid for them and they last six months and they move on to the next, extraordinary approach.
Yes, yes, she's, she's had, she's had one of those and I have n't seen that for a long time.
She's got some stupid thing at the moment with, with a flip top of Thomas the Tank Engine.
Yes, yes.
Oh yeah.
I see, yes, yes, oh next time I need one I shall ask you then.
Mm, Mm.
Yes in somewhere like that it's not a place you leave your.
watch in confidence is it?
That's right, that's right, yes.
Yes, yes, I know even, even Ratner himself called them tat or.
crap or something did n't he?
Well it, it, at least it's gold, I mean, I, I, I was in the jewellery trade when I first left school, between school and national service I worked at a manufacturing jewellers in Birmingham and I've never really gone along with the idea that nine carat is actually gold.
If something is only three eights.
gold, how can you call it gold?
The essence of is copper alloy, it's got more than fifty percent copper in it.
That's the way I always thought, and if it's only got thirty seven and a half percent of gold in it, how on earth can you call it gold?
It's nine twenty fourths.
Pure gold is twenty four carat.
So you get nine carat which is thirty seven and a half, eighteen carat which is seventy five percent and twenty two which is, ha, ha, ha, whatever it is.
A little over ninety per cent I suppose, and erm, I'm not sure if you got fourteen or fifteen carat, so fourteen I think is used with the continental standard and the lowest continental standard now are fifteen used to be our inbetween standard, very rarely used.
Yes, they are, yes, definitely.
That's, that's true, eh, I mean the alloy in the other ones have to be quite crafty when you get up to twenty two carat for example and eh, very eh, eh, large chunk of gold in it, and it can indeed be very soft, but then you see that's an eighteen carat ring that I've had for, worn, all the time for twenty four years.
and it really was pretty much like that when I had it, so eh, it's probably a bit more rounded than it was.
So they, they do last.
Yes, oh yes, yes, yes, no with doubt.
I had one repaired for Susannah, it had been left to her by an aunt and she had managed to smash it against a post or something and broke the shank and knocked out one of the erm, stones, so on and so forth, and eh, together with some repairs on a charm bracelet I had to pay thirty seven pounds for the whole jolly lot.
It's very true.
Yes.
yes, absolutely.
And I took it to the people up on Royal Parade, who are constantly having burglaries, no, that's that's true, they have had several quite chunky burglaries.
and erm, eh, they have must be absolutely horrific, you have to pay for all that sort of thing do n't you?
It does n't work on Saturdays eh?
Oh really.
I see, yes, it's not the most stimulating job in the world is it?
Yes.
That's right, that's right, the irritated.
Gets on with it.
Yes that's quite something is n't it, did you see that in the gate of the college, a security man?
There's something I must do over here is go Govidge Gallery.
I have never set foot in it.
And it, it's supposed to have some splendid pictures, a very fine collection indeed.
Oh yes.
Are we in, Bromley still here?
Dulwich which is Suffolk or.
Suffolk own a big place Bell, Bell something or other in the next road here do n't they?
A great big old country house.
And it's, it's a big garden.
Did you?
Yes.
Oh I see.
I see, yes.
They have their own.
Pitch, is pitch the right word?
Lawn, right.
Good.
Oh yes, it's not Doreen still is it?
The, the lady.
Yes I'm certain this is the road that Carlos used to live in.
Very pleasant road, yes.
Yes.
Which club, sorry?
Oh right.
People might get down later, really.
Do you tend to book the lawn or eh.
just turn up, whatever, see what happens?
Quite.
Mm, mm.
I see.
No, no.
Surely, yes.
Very pleasant way to unwind, I would think.
How long does a game take, as a general rule David?
Gosh,, oh, it's a kind of golf then is n't it?
Yes.
Yes, fair enough.
Friend of mine, I had a beer with in the week, showed me his new car, and he said the big irritation is it does n't centrally lock, having been used to it.
He eh,.
Do n't have.
Oh yes.
Oh yes, aha.
Yes,.
Oh I see, yes, yes and what's the facing on it?
Aha, yes.
That's about the right size.
Thank you.
I'll get it right.
Hello.
Yes, so I've gathered yes, yes..
buildings David.
wonderful.
How splendid.
Right.
Oh I see, that's crafty, yes, yes.
What's the significance of the black tip?
Oh I see, yes, yeah.
Members leave their mallets here as often as not do they?
Absolutely, yes.
Oh thank you.
Yes.
Oh yes, there's a good weight in that head is n't there?
Sorry what say about three pounds?
Right.
Oh.
They do n't do they, no.
Oh right.
It's, it's a sight.
Yes, yes.
Right, right.
Right and it's anticipated that you will strike the erm, the hoop in the process.
Right, yes.
Oh.
It's, it's a question of control and movement.
Yes, yes.
You tend to let the mallet do the work rather than.
Yes, yes.
Right.
Yes.
Right, yes.
Yeah, right, right.
Yes, yes, quite.
Yes, yes, I, yes I take your point.
I see.
Right.
Right.
Right, so that you'll do a clean run through.
Right.
Right.
Then you've got a continuation shot.
Right.
Right, right, and you'll use an opponent's ball normally or any ball?
Yes.
To scupper the opposition.
To give him nothing to play with.
Yes, yes.
Right.
Right.
I see, yes, yes.
Yes, oh yes.
No, no, no problem.
Right, right.
I see, now what about the red?
We ignore that as we're not actually playing.
Right.
Oh so it's not a straightforward round the outside, and up the middle?
Yes, I see.
Oh I see, I see, yes.
Yes.
Yes, smashing.
Right, so long as we then strike yellow, we can put it in.
Move forward onto the hoop.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Does that matter?
Yes.
Yep.
Mm.
Yes, yes.
Yep, yep.
That would have.
Oh would it?
No, it's got, it's got to be cleanly through, right, fine.
Yes, yes.
Aha.
Yes.
Yes, yes, very questionable, well it's, it's.
Right, right.
Yes.
Yes, indeed you have, yes, yes.
Yes yes, yes, that's right yes.
Mm, mm.
Yes right, I see.
Yes, yes indeed, yes, fine.
I, I can just see a touch of the black.
Mm quite, quite, yes.
Yes, absolutely, yes.
Yes.
Yes, yes.
Yes.
I see, yes.
So long as you ke keep me on the straight and narrow at the same time really.
Yeah, thank you.
Why do you actually need the white sticks to a mark up.
I see, yeah, yeah.
Right.
No, no.
I really have n't got a clue yes, yes.
Make a guess, I, I, got the message.
Yes, right.
Yes, that's the, that's the sort of problem I'm in for is n't it?
Yes.
Really, well what'll you call this croquet?
Association.
And they've got two matches going on together have they, they're, they've different colour balls?
Oh I see.
Ah.
Yes.
Yes please.
Yes.
Right.
Yeah, sorry, I was miles away, I'd lost anyway mentally, I mentally I lost.
Yes, yes.
Right.
Occasionally you're forced into the other then you'll, then you'll, down are n't you?
Good.
Right, right,.
You, oh, right.
Right, right, that was your object to get it as far away from the competition as possible really.
Yes.
I see, I see what you mean, yes, yes, yes, yes, yep got you.
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Right, yep, O K.
Rather over muscled, control it better yes.
Right.
Quite.
Absolutely, yes.
Yep.
Yes.
Yeah.
Right.
Yes, fine.
Yes it is.
Yes.
Right.
Yes.
Right, right.
Right.
So it, would, would give me some aggression then would it?
yes, a very good point, ah.
Yeah.
Right.
Oh I see, normally.
Right.
I see right.
I see.
Yes.
Yes.
Right.
Right.
Got you.
Yes, yes, it, it did curl with the grass did n't it?
Right.
What you did n't want to do in that case, no.
Yes indeed.
Right.
Yes, I see.
Yes.
Yes.
I understand, yes, yes.
Right.
Right.
Yes.
Right.
Right.
O K.
Yes.
Right, fine.
Yes, quite, quite, it's, it's intriguing because it's so un so different to what I had in mind.
Eh that was strange stuff.
Right.
Would it have been better if it had not been a corner ball?
The other side, aha.
Fine.
Yes.
Yep.
Yes.
Yeah, yeah.
Yes.
Yes you have.
Oh I see, you can start in that hoop as well can you?
No, no, you still want to get back down there.
Even though you start from that corner, you ca n't go through that hoop.
The hoop on the opposite side first time, right, I see.
No, that's pretty good.
No, I need blue at this stage, yellow you need now.
O K.
Smashing.
Yes.
No, no, the red's not terribly helpful to you at the moment.
Yes, yes, yes.
Right.
Yes.
That was erm.
O K.
Yes.
I see.
Yes, fine.
Yes.
Yes, O K.
Right.
Well, I yes, yes, I does n't appeal to me at all.
Yes, right.
Move, move, move it out, right.
Right I shall go for the blue, well actually, black, black is better cos blue went squiffy.
Yes that's true.
Ah.
Right, right yes.
Yep.
Other side?.
Right.
Fine.
No.
Yes.
Yep.
Oh bad luck.
Yes.
No.
Fine.
O K.
Yes, back down here again?
Yes I have, yes.
Right.
But it's still best to remove the temptation here.
Right, right.
Right, O K.
Right.
Aha.
Yes.
Surely.
Alright, oh fine, yes.
Yes, it felt good too.
You could actually feel it working well.
And I was aiming between them to be honest.
O K, I should, yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Right.
I see, yes.
Quite.
Right.
Yes, yes.
To, to, not necessarily to hit the black, but to.
Right, O K,.
Yes, fine, O K.
Good.
Yes.
Fine.
No, the red, yes.
The black, the black.
O K, fine.
I'm aiming left to the black, yes?
Right, fine.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes, yes, yep.
Fine.
Right.
So step back and hit hit it on the up stroke.
Oh right, fine.
You've got to get it to absolutely.
I see, yes.
Yes.
Yes, yes.
Yes, yes.
Right, right.
No.
Indeed, indeed, yes.
Yes.
Shall I put my clip on there?
Right.
Yes.
Right.
Yep.
Right.
Presumably kicking the opponent's ball, it's, it's not acceptable.
Is that right?
Yes.
Oh, yes.
I understand, yes.
Yes.
Right, right, I see.
No, I see.
Yes, good, O K.
Yes.
Fine Oh twit,.
Yes, quite, quite, out, I think I thought it was going to shudder against the post and the hoop and.
Yes.
Right, yep.
Putting the red, thank you, erm somewhere here.
Yes, right, right, yep.
Yes.
It'll move away on all through the line of contact, right.
Yes.
Yes, yes, good.
I mean, you having stood there, I was deliberately aiming to, to strike that one.
Going straight through anyway, right, fine.
I'm not capable of these weeny deflections anyway, so I do n't know why the heck I'm bothering.
Yes.
Oh, oh sorry, it's it's the next one we're aiming at, the one we're aiming at is n't it yes.
Yes.
Right, O K.
Yep.
Right.
Yellow ball.
Well, except for on the way back.
You've got to really get to the right of that red, so can rush it down to the, left of that hoop with the red paint on it.
Erm, what, the nice shot is to get back up to, there and get over to the yellow.
I do n't know whether you're going to do it.

show you, then you.

I'm going to get the line in two balls where the black..
Then eh, on the ball's.

Yellow's nice, yeah, ah.
Yes.
Can you change your own ball during a go?
Right.
Right, right.
Right.
Now that's your next hoop is n't it?
I am, I am indeed, yes, yes, I I've got to deal with it some way, somehow.
Move yellow onto red.
Yes, yes, O K.
What would've happened if the red ball had gone through?
Nothing.
, yes, yes, you you would of.
Yep, good.
The ball, I've got a ball near my next two anyway.
and I've got to, another out of, in play, which is always useful.
Right.
Presumably when you do land in a position like that even though as you say you're getting near the end of the game for the blue ball, you would n't deliberately not go through the hoop, if you'll put in that, if you put yourself in that position?
You,, no, you you'd of played away.
Yes.
Right, right.
Mm.
Yes.
Yes.
Shall I go and get the tea?
Thank you very much.
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
I think my, my head is actually somewhat Dave.
Well, which which shot comes, in, after which shot and so on and so forth, I mean it's.
Oh right.
Yes, yes and, and there's no need to be going through a hoop, at any time, if you continuation constantly, you, you.
Ah right, right, yes.
Yes, yes.
Right.
Yes, yes, yes.
I see what you mean but a tactical game, my goodness, it's a.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Right.
Quite.
Yes, who who is the arbiter?
Oh really, yes, yes.
Yes, it's tricky.
I see.
Yeah I think.
Professional game.

Purpose of the game.
And.
, I said, she said but I expect him to.
I did n't take any notice of them after that.
in fact they make me aggravated..
Yes.
And you take part in most of these competitions?
It's the best thing of course so It's a very weird thing to be doing really is n't it?
Yeah.
Thank you.
Right.
There's certainly a fancy er club house there is n't it?
What's what's this fancy building here David?
Squash.
why we ca n't get on there, on the door.
Yes fine.
Right.
Oh yes.
Did it really?
Yes.
Only the one tennis court?
Oh yes.
Oh yes, yes.
Oh is he?
Really?
And is that ah er another cricket team altogether or what?
Club altogether?
Right.
Yes.
Yes yes.
Oh was he?
Yes.
Oh!
Oh!
Yes yes indeed now, now I'm there and there are n't I?
Mmm mmm.
and it once.
Right.
I could actually feel that in in my wrists yes.
Right.
Right so that's.
Yes.
Fine.
Yes.
That's it.
Yep.
Fine.
Too jolly heavy.
Gosh!
Fourth time at last.
Yes.
Yes.
Really.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Weedy patch yes, yes fine.
Down beyond of the hoop ideally.
Yes.
That was probably.
Yeah, I think it's about, is n't it surely?
That's a I'm very lucky I do n't really have problems with the angles.
at all but it's just.
Yes it's much better.
Try a try a shot with a which would be a roll wo n't it?
Most most people play this er with a fairly conventional croquet stroke because the black ball's the blue ball's gon na go twice the distance of the red.
Is n't it?
Roughly.
So really just I I always have problems, I I always tend to play it down like that, I do n't know why.
But most, you should really stand up and play it with fairly, play together.
You ca n't for real you ca n't really move blue ball you can move the red ball as much as you like but not What you have to do is to so just try a normally conventional just sling straight through here.
You're doing what I was always doing the red, the yellow, but try it again.
You can go now.
Hang on a bit.
Try and step it forward.
If I still was going down I'd do it like that.
or the blue I mean the red's gone all right.
But that's what we're trying to do, trying.
play the shot like that way, but I think whatever works for you.
Well that's what counts is n't it?
So I'm now going straight for the black?
Oh yes.
Yes I see.
Yes?
Right.
Right.
Okay.
Fine.
Yes.
Lovely.
Yes it all looks so darned easy when you do it David.
Yes.
No.
Absolutely.
Absolutely and the that's why the.
unless you concentrate on it Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Not hard enough.
Yes.
Do they? yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes yes yes.
Right.
Okay.
Right.
Right.
You mean further forward.
Right.
Smashing yes.
Yes.
That's good.
Yes.
Yes.
No no I wanting to get.
Yes.
To to get to there.
Right.
Right.
Right yes yes good point yeah just right.
Yes.
Right.
Do you prefer this would you?
Is it?
Ah ah I really did n't understand the crushing bit, sorry.
Right.
Yes.
Yes Yes.
Right right.
Aha.
The the that's the the the correct procedure is it, to play away rather than a.
Mm.
Yes yes yes.
No I did n't.
No!
I was just thinking should.
Should I be?
Right right fine.
Yes.
I did n't show you this David.
That's that's what it's about.
And they're simply recording an awful lot of people in conversation.
Erm and they will keep them in the archives and I suppose transcribe them or something of the sort.
Yes, yes it is rather intriguing.
They just knocked at the door and said how would you care to take part?
Oh yes, and of course when you have it for two days you ca n't actually guard your language all the time.
No I'm certain they do n't.
That's the last thing they want.
Oh yes.
There's certainly plenty to criticize there, is n't there?
Is n't it a good job we're perfect, eh?
Do n't you think that's one of the beauties of English though?
Yes formidable I agree.
Yes they do.
They do indeed.
Yes.
Yes you said David that in fact it was arranged a little late and some clubs did n't manage to fit it into their programme.
Yes.
Yes yes fair enough but.
Right.
Is that David the designer?
No.
Nice to meet you Evelyn.
Ah.
Well you may see me again you never know I shall look forward to it.
Cheerio.
Yes.
Really?
Yes yes.
Yes yes and it's fresh air gentle exercise, is n't it?
Yes yes indeed.
Does she tend to walk down when she goes?
Oh does she?
Sure.
Yes.
Well I really enjoyed that David.
Yes, yes.
It's a.
Yes yes.
Yes.
Before you can call yourself a player?
Yes.
Golly!
Yes yes.
My goodness!
Yes.
Really?
Yes.
Yes.
Oh yes.
What is his name?
Ah yes.
So how do you think the Eden Park problem is going to be resolved?
Yes.
But that does n't go very far, does it?
That a good idea.
I honestly do n't know David.
I genuinely do not know.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes yep.
They've done what they feel they should be doing.
Not suitable for the purpose.
Yes yes.
Yes indeed.
Yes.
Yes quite quite.
Yes absolutely yes absolutely.
It was very nice being there this afternoon and being able to walk straight on to the lawn.
Really yes yes.
Are they?
Yes.
Is it?
Yes.
Gosh!
Shame.
Yes indeed.
There's a sort of general Dulwich Sports Club ground keeping facility I assume.
for that ground?
Yes.
And the ground is more intensively used perhaps for that?
Well is it any more than a tennis court?
No it does n't.
You can get several games in.
Sure.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes I mean if it is possible to provide that huge acreage I mean the space per player or whatever is rather less for croquet than for cricket, is n't it?
Well there are there are green keepers are n't there?
I know a guy who bowls at the Bromley Bowling Club in exactly and he told me that they have professional green keepers who look after lots of different greens and they come into them once a week or whatever.
No no that one we were playing on certainly was n't the greenest and grassiest.
Is it?
Yes yes.
Absolutely.
Absolutely yes.
Right.
Yes.
Quite.
Yes exactly, exactly.
Yes.
Yes indeed yes.
Yes and there are different going rates for different things as there are with property, are n't there?
No no no no no.
They are far too liable to have it chopped off.
Or they think they are.
Yes.
Yes.
Yeah.
No I do n't blame you.
If it did say locate to the Bickley area or something like that would you change the name?
Yes.
Oh yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes indeed.
Yes Yes.
Aha.
Yes yes.
Is it possible to wear it with a belt?
Or.
Are you having second thoughts about having it, dear?
Right.
Well I what I think Suzannah and I are both genuinely in favour.
No.
I think Suzannah and I are genuinely in favour.
Well not necessarily it could have some loopy beads or something could n't you?
Brown blue yellow red.
and a boop boop boop boop to you too.
What what jewellery colours can mum wear with that?
Yes and the children like to see it.
I mean a little elephant brooch or something.
Have you still got that other elephant belt that tan one?
Cream one, yes.
Happy with it all?
I do n't know but to be truthful I am not hundred percent sold on any of it.
May I look at that please?
With the pads in I feel square on the top.
If I could take them out.
To me they are too wide.
Was it exciting in the shop today?
I had a chip incidentally fallen off your plate.
They're rather good were n't they?
Mm What you going to do with Sam tonight?
What do you expect to happen in the Tigers tonight?
Ah!
What you and Sam thought you were going to be doing.
Are they?
Yes.
Well do n't get too drunk tonight please.
Whose eighteenth birthday is this?
Debbie's?
So you still have n't sent the invitations out eh?
Take them with you, wo n't you?
Has Mum told you that we're going out for a Chinese?
Fancy coming?
You do n't get prawn balls in's my dear.
You do not get prawn balls in's.
You get much superior Good heavens!
What's that?
Who?
Good.
Right we shall be off very shortly.
Its all right.
What a gift?
Oh!
I see yes yes and she is the mother of the bride.
I take your point.
Your blue one.
Thank you I appreciate that.
Tonight.
I might carry on a bit tomorrow.
Depending on how many few tapes whatever I've done.
I do n't think they've said that.
They've given me twenty or twenty four.
twenty tapes.
I've done just over fifty percent of them so far.
No.
I've done about fifty percent I think.
I've just put in tape ten so we're nearly half way there.
There's no obligation to fill all the tapes.
Yes.
It's very strange approaching Petswood from this side is n't it?
You either turn left to go to one side of Petswood or right to go to the other side of Petswood.
It's a the railway provides quite a split.
It's a full car in front.
Mmm.
Teenagers probably.
Looking awfully big being rather young.
Good.
Erm.
Oh dear!
David is looking for somewhere to put his croquet club.
Well he's got a croquet club without a ground.
Ah!
Correct.
He's looking for ground land.
What's that thing out there hydrants or something?
Yes.
Excuse me.
Where is Eden Park?
They do n't have anywhere to play?
What do you need for a croquet club?
Quite a lot.
How big is a lawn?
As big as a tennis court?
Is that bigger than a tennis court?
Double tennis court?
Gosh!
Presumably you ca n't use it for anything else because it needs to be very smooth and perfect.
Is there cold air blowing in this car?
I know any air but something's blowing.
You can erm you ca n't use it for anything else but croquet?
No.
But it does sound quite a big area to me if you have n't got the land in the first place.
It would mean somebody's got to give up something.
But then who wants to give up a bowling green?
You've got the area.
That's fine but you have n't got any land at all.
It's quite a lot of land to find.
It's not like somebody's back garden.
So where were they playing today?
Is there a croquet club there?
How many croquet clubs are there around here?
Not one in Bromley?
Well yes people who play.
Oh no.
You need to know how to play.
Well I was reading that article in the Sunday Times with you and the chap who's the champion said he liked it because it's like chess and bridge.
A game of strategy.
If you were.
starting out out.
Doing it from scratch.
If somebody was used to teaching croquet they would n't tell you everything all at once.
And you can gradually build up.
Oh good.
Good.
I know.
I have n't done it easily but I've done it and I'm pleased.
Well done!
Yes you have to do that I believe these days too.
I ca n't read Chinese.
What do you fancy drinking?
Yes yes I agree.
I prefer it.
Lemon chicken stuffed mushrooms.
Singapore noodles we enjoyed.
Yes I'm sure they were Singapore noodles.
Ca n't remember what they were stuffed with can you?
And bean bean sprouts we had too.
Oh yes.
Alright we wo n't have bean sprouts.
How about we have Chinese mushrooms with bamboo shoots?
Seasonal Chinese vegetable with prawns.
How about that?
Not first but what will you'll have a lager?
May we have two lagers please?
So we shall have lemon chicken, stuffed mushrooms, we had something else did n't we last time?
We had bean sprouts last time yes.
Right.
But you enjoyed the noodles.
But there was something else that we had.
We had we certainly had lemon chicken stuffed mushrooms,.
and noodles.
Yes I think we did but we also had something else.
Yes we did.
What would you like to have start with?
Wan Ton soup.
Oh we wo n't have either of them then.
Have some Wan Ton soup.
All sorts of bits in it.
Or do you fancy I ca n't remember.
It's a long long time since I had it.
We'd have mixed appetites if you'd given it any thought.
How about having.
Or why not a Dim Sum?
Which is a classic Chinese.
You had that let's start with Dim Sum.
Now over here we are short of one.
Alright.
Alright.
No.
I was thinking of the seasons Chinese vegetables were born.
Mushrooms right.
Yes we are.
I think we are.
We'll both have Dim Sum, lemon chicken erm Chinese vegetables with prawns.
Stuffed mushrooms.
And some noodles.
Singapore noodles.
What is the difference between Singapore noodles and special noodles?
Is not?
Special noodles are not so spicy?
We'll have special noodles.
What sorry?
Restaurants local restaurants ca n't afford not to dear.
I think if you're talking about a very exclusive one up in town they might well say no smoking.
Oh we have to share a finger bowl.
is n't it?
Golly it'd be interesting to know what they'd make of this tape for the next couple of hours.
Yes indeed.
Where it works?
No.
No he said he forgot about it quite quickly.
I beg your pardon?
Which one?
All of them?
I have n't got a player for two full days in which to do it.
No.
I must tape number ten no it takes an hour and a half on tape number ten.
That's fifteen hours.
Well you can if you'd like to but I'm not going to.
Thank you.
May we have the bill?
They're busy little bees in here.
It is indeed.
When you've had a day in the open air you have a sort of.
glow.
Well I mean you can relax on that score because you had a very good half hour run with me.
She was n't in frantic form but she was zipping hither and dither.
Galloped around the outside.
I was absolutely steaming by the time I got back to the car.
Good.
To get the what?
Oh yes.
There's a take away here.
a bag for somebody.
No.
A great big carrier bag you ca n't see it it's just outside.
We had one last week.
I wonder if they charge the same prices for their take away as for sitting at the table.
I know I know in the past I have er ten percent or something.
But I may be going back far too long for the evening.
That's right.
Yes I think I could become really absorbed in croquet.
I do n't know if I'd become good at it but I think.
but I think it'd be a game that one could become absorbed in.
It's not physically demanding other than in stamina concentration terms.
It's hardly physically demanding is it?
And the course that David went on before he was asked to coach on it was for advanced people anyway.
And he said ah er I misunderstood this and er and I said well you know when is it?
Who knows may be I could baah aah aah.
And he said, er er.
Just possible that you standard because he obviously seemed to think that I was that I had some great possible qualities but.
Well I would I, he would say you know you know you do n't croquet that and it's a short bom bom and it's.
Oh! what does he mean by that?
And so on and so forth.
Well I mean he showed me how er er he showed me how the mallet is operated.
There's no standard grip you.
I notice that you do takeaways here?
Do you charge the same prices as in the restaurant?
Ah!
I'm I'm pleased to hear that.
That's interesting we were.
Yes thank you.
I would be interested.
Yes.
Well they're not receiving excuse me the service and the pleasure of the table and the atmosphere.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Thank you.
And it always smells good here does n't it?
It always smells super.
Who is the tall thin chap sitting next to Diane?
Yes I do.
We sat there.
Ham and Eve!
And they enjoyed it did n't they?
Unfortunately you chose the ginger beetle, the toffee beetle or something of the sort it had a gingery look to it.
Oh is that what it's called?
Yes.
I have n't seen it no.
Oh yeah.
Chefette yes?
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Which he uses for parties rather than as a restaurant.
Somebody had a super birthday party for their husband.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes I thought that was rather good.
Yes it did.
Yes well it was pricey.
But then you're paying for the use of the boat as well are n't you?
Right.
But that was, a year ago two years ago.
Oh really?
Really?
Yes.
No.
No.
No they were not.
They were not they were honest.
They were honest and straightforward and jolly good stuff.
No.
You learn about these things in different ways do n't you? it's all very.
Quite probably.
The only local people in Essex probably.
Is that our Dim Sum.
Goody goody.
Yes please.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Little dumplings such as you've never come across other than in a Chinese Restaurant.
Her birthday's the fourteenth.
Do you know which day of the week that is?
So the fifteenth will be a Monday.
So the fourteenth will be a Sunday.
Saturday.
She finishes in August did you say?
Right.
Thank you.
Thank you.
When do you finish school?
Good.
Ca n't, fifteenth is a Monday.
The Wednesday the tenth.
My birthday's on Monday obviously at this rate.
There's a one eight fifteen on Mondays which means that Wednesday the ten.
Wednesday.
Yes.
Yes good.
We can go down and come back specifically on the Monday.
Yes.
That's the Monday before you finish?
Will you be under huge pressures or will you be winding down a bit by then?
You'll probably be rehearsing a part for a silly end of year staff entertainment or something.
Oh really.
That's what you had in mind was n't it?
Or what had you in mind?
No.
Mm.
Sure.
Mm.
Can you smell that?
Whatever it is.
Wonderful!
Yes but caramelly burned, is n't it?
Quality burned.
Do you think Christine and Colin would enjoy a meal here?
stuffed mushrooms.
Splendid.
Sizzling and sizzling.
Yes.
Wonderful.
Yes?
Good.
Madam!
Madam!
May we have two glasses of water please?
Thank you.
Is that the mixed vegetables and stuff?
Ca n't remember.
Does n't look like that to me.
dreadful.
Oh I'm sorry I've got beef.
Tell me what we've got here will you?
Yes.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Right.
Careful the spoons on the plates are hot.
More sauce?
I do n't think it is the same ones we had the last time.
I think we probably did have Singapore noodles last time.
Super!
Thank you.
I think for the moment I'll just enjoy these two dishes if that's okay.
Mm.
I do n't suppose we'll need to, fiddle around dear.
Mm.
Absolutely.
We got here in the nick of time or we would have had the rotten table otherwise.
Mm.
Where did those prawns come from?
From that dish or from that dish?
The noodle dish.
Well.
Well.
Yes lovely.
No.
Well they're very similar looking dishes are n't they?
Lovely crunchy vegetables are n't they?
Super.
Thank you very much.
Were they not the ones who had the fancy dress party the Victorian dress party at the hotel?
Right.
Am I right though?
Yes.
Absolutely super.
I'm awfully sorry we were n't involved.
That's right.
Towering temples and things.
Look at the beast they've got over there on that table.
Do you see him?
With his ears?
Or something like that.
No I do n't think so.
I think it's a dish you choose.
Where's Snoopy getting the money from to go to the Tiger's Head tonight?
Well done.
That was a fiver was it?
Yes.
Presumably they've all got their films.
So they should jolly well be stumping up.
Yep yep suffer.
Yep.
Sorry.
Hang on hang on.
Oh bad luck.
Thank you.
Yes.
I was holding it in such an awkward way that fingers eventually protested.
What did you get to put in the middle of the erm lobelia in that other pot?
Ya.
Where did you get them in the end?
Oh right.
Were they better value than previously or.
similar or what?
Goodness!
Extraordinary!
Oh yes.
Oddly I would have thought.
Really?
It was n't mm.
Yes.
Well.
Interesting idea.
One side said yes the other side says no.
Ha?
I heard somewhere that John's living in now.
He is a long way away.
I've no idea.
Absolutely no idea.
But he was a sailing man.
Christine?
I've no idea.
Probably not.
Probably not.
Good.
Really there's nothing to stop me from giving Sally a ring is there this week end?
Do you think the world will ever get get the balance right feeding the starving?
Why is it.
Well, I do n't know if that's true or not.
Is n't it better to do nothing?
Why why is that better?
Is that a bad thing?
I mean if if presumably people go on being born there surely we should leave them.
It does n't really matter to human beings as long as they have nourishment.
If you worked in this country and for some reason and were starving you would n't care if they fed you.
Well why should they not?
Why should they not?
Maybe we should be when your budget for all nations have plenty of food and plenty of resources should automatically make this sort of money and food available to nations without it.
Maybe that's the answer.
Maybe it should be an emergency aid those that have given and those that have not.
I mean if that's the only way that people were kept in reasonable health.
the money comes from.
Yes they've always been like that and they always will be like that.
They're the same, let them die.
That's not normal.
Because there'll just be more people.
Otherwise they would have died out long ago.
I'm sure there is as well.
That never the full answer because pushing people into that is one thing they should have.
I mean six to one is you know that.
People with no money and no home always seem to end up having children.
Whereas if you and I did n't have a roof over our head.
I mean the last thing we'd think about is excluding children.
It would be a good idea if you do teach them the ways of contraception available it's never going to stop people having babies.
I mean in China they families and what have they got?
They've not denied the situation at all have they?
Or families where they kill a child.
for being the wrong sex.
Only children growing up in the lap of luxury.
And mothers are supposed to sink all their hopes ambitions in the one child.
Watching their education.
Strange thing they'll have two and three.
Whereas mothers at home are n't their usual selves because they've their children to look after.
I mean but interesting but not the ideal answer.
Does that mean that Anna has actually slept in that too?
Good.
I noticed on your card she called him Daniel David and then behold he's going to be just Daniel.
I know.
Oh really.
Ha?
Real Toffee is n't it?
By Gosh!
Hot stuff.
Yes.
Hubbling bubbling oil.
Do we?
Who did we see the last time we were here?
Did we?
Who's she?
Oh really?
Oh gosh!
Does she?
Oh.
As opposed to an accountant.
Where did she do her study or work or whatever?
Sorry?
Erm.
There are caves which seem to We went into the caverns and erm saw the petrified caves where they, the water drip on objects and however many years they build up a stone coating.
And stalactites.
What are they called where they meet in the middle?
Columns I suppose or pillars.
Do n't know.
I'd be intrigued to know what those other two couples who were not informed about the cancelled christening feels.
Or not unless they join in wholeheartedly with the other lot.
Mhm.
Has it been said that they hope to repeat the experience or?
What what is the situation there?
Yes please.
Saying little.
Oh really?
Is she John's daughter or the other guy's?
The mother the blond or the midway?
Did you?
Sorry?
Sounds if the girl plans to become a teacher.
Did n't know what hit him did he?
He certainly had himself a good varied he and his pal a good varied work experience, did n't he?
Mhm.
and tennis coaching and do n't know what else he did do.
Yes.
Fatty like?
Good grief!
She put them all back together again?
Sure.
Well you did speak to her again and make the suggestion.
Yeah, by all means by all means.
She knows about Cathy's problem?
Mm.
My grandmoth granny used to have these during the war.
Oh they were ho hoarded.
She had them in a big glass jar and if you were very good and special occasions.
Only hers were all colours.
Well they've got that girl over there's got soup.
What kind of soup has she got?
That might be won ton soup.
I did n't see that.
It looks as if over there stuck on the wall they've got a rechargeable for hoover for taking crumbs off the tables.
Well as it's used in other muckier places I tend not to use it over cleaning table white cloths aah.
I'm very well fed too, I think I shall ask them for the bill.
Yes I did.
to clobber in Black Heath village I notice it did n't say that the premises are now called the age centre.
Yes.
As so claims that was a rather naff comment actually, I ca n't imagine that, well I can imagine other people wearing big earrings because they're super confident.
Oh yes.
You do mean women in red suits presumably not men in red ties!
Oh really?
No thank yo would you like some more coffee?
Could we have the bill please?
You do n't need to.
Yes.
Mhm.
Yes.
Yes.
Yep.
Very true.
Does that say forty pounds?
Actually that was very good I enjoyed it all.
I do n't mind, bills like that when it's all so nice.
I wonder if we were to look down our wedding invitation list, nearly twenty five years ago we could have a gathering when we're fifty five of all the people who were at our wedding if they're around today.
There would have to be some people w we would n't invite as well as the people who are no longer here.
I mean we'd invite Helen and some friends like, I do n't know.
Mrs, Hilda and people like that but erm.
Yes it's there.
along with mm a list of all the wedding people who received day.
and cards, and telegrams.
In a box on top of the shelf.
We'll have to get them out and have a look at them.
washing.
Early next year would be.
Yes, so there's nothing we can say we're not we do n't want want to make them feel awkward about it I mean they have planned what they can plan.
Yes quite well that's fair enough is n't it?
They ca n't consider everybody or they could never make a decision.
We always do when we come here, thank you.
A lovely treat, thank you darling.
You chose very well, I used to get really nervous when I came to Chinese restaurants, I never knew what to choose.
But gradually over the years you get the hang of it.
Some people get the hang of these things more quickly than I do.
Yes.
Yes, Po Petts Wood was eh an inbetween the wars, trendy suburban development was n't it?
Commuter land.
Mm.
No I'm not saying it's unpleasant I'm saying it was trendy in those days.
But there is an awful lot of sameyness about it unfortunately.
Mm.
Well they have bigger detached houses I'm not sure how individual they actually are.
Are they not?
No not yet, it was started on Tuesday this week they have the books for ten days or something before they started on them.
Oh well I've had certain queries already and.
and the basis, basics would have been by the end of next week but certain, assuming that they are not interrupted and sort of dragged onto something more lucrative the bad news will have been quantified by then.
Mhm that's right.
Sure.
Oh you, in in in essence you do but even so it's a you.
Oh that, oh that happens too.
That's right.
Something like that yes.
That's right yes.
You what s normally happens is that the following year when you make profit you say ah but last year I made er you know I made a loss of ten thousand pound set that off against the profit of ten thousand pound I made this year so that tax pay losses can be carried forward there are other more complex ways of doing it too but that's the standard sort of way, I think.
Yes you normally pay for it in the following year.
Because yet pulled together the figures for last year.
Sure, I I had fork out corporation tax a few months ago for the previous good year.
John got a bit shirty about the ten pound or something, he reckoned his wife had did n't he?
That's not the point!
Mm.
Was she walking in?
Ah.
She might just about made it then because she certainly seemed to be a bit late on the move.
Mm,.
Ah the ramblers must do a roaring trade.
I've been trying to get hold of him.
to organize meat for the barbecue.
Thirtieth.
Sunday.
Why?
Try the twenty-third.
Aha.
Blowing awfully quickly, that's the second out of the sixth that you bought yesterday.
Philip's bulbs.
Second one I've used.
No, not yet What's on television?
Yes, a bit forgettable is n't it?
I put my specs outside.
That's a very funny business is n't it?
Effective exercise.
This bit about obesity.
Mm.
Really, what was that then?
Oh.
Mhm.
Mhm that's right yes some of the women were locked up for fifteen years.

Not enough of it is the conclusion there.
