
No she's not you see she's.
got another year after that.
Yes, that'd be me.
they wo n't want to be separated for.
twelve months or so.
Oh yeah that's what she'll get something.
I mean I think if they can.
Yes because in the summer I mean you, some time in the, in this next term would be the ideal thing really because that, if she can stay on for the summer term.
erm well most of it I mean she'll be take and erm.
Timothy will take his O levels you see during the summer term, well I mean by the end of June he'd of finished those so that.
Well July, August I mean any.
Mm.
and.
He's getting an O B E.
next.
next week or something, yeah.
Well Chris says he's got ta keep in with him for a little while, he said he.
he said I'd, I'd, I'd, I'd rather have, rather have him as a friend than an enemy.
Alright.
I do n't think so no, but you know I mean, for six months if Christopher's living here and having to go back at the weekend, for six months he gets an allowance.
Oh no it does n't.
Go by train.
I know it does n't, but at least it.
Yeah, erm.
Yeah.
It was ever so funny really.
Not you.
we were thinking.
I'd phoned up.
Timothy answered the phone you see.
so Timothy said oh he said well you want to know what time he's coming tomorrow.
I said pardon.
he said well has n't he told you?
I said what?
He said oh he says perhaps it was gon na be a surprise.
perhaps I should n't of told you, so I said well look Timothy I said this is a conversation that has n't taken place I said when Christopher comes back in I said if you want to say anything you can, but feel free not to and we'll just, if he comes we wo n't know anything about it.
that, that way, he must of said something because Christopher phoned up and said I'm coming down tomorrow.
Oh he did, did he?
Oh and then of course, change the subject completely, we've just, we've been out this morning, have we been out this morning?
We've been out this morning, that's right, we got back in and I was then going to go over to Saint Mary's church club, I wanted to go to the bank at Saint Mary's church, and erm, back door bell goes ding ding ding ding ding and I think it's Chris cos Chris is normally the only one, go out there and who should it be?
It's Bill and his missus, do you remember Bill who used to caretake at school?
which he's made himself.
he's made two of those up there you see.
That's a cat and a fiddle.
Yes, yes.
Oh gosh, I have n't seen them for a.
Now what was their.
name?
Is he?
Mm.
Oh he's in the fire service?
Yeah with you?
God.
Fred.
Oh Angela.
Mm, mm.
See who says what.
Yeah, that's a good idea, mm.
Did n't even go to the committee dear, this one.
That was, that was the trouble with ours.
absolutely I'm sure of that.
I wrote, I wrote a foolscap letter with about nine points on it and somebody who, the architect, Chris's architect next door said with a letter like that going in, it must go to the committee.
so I was n't bothered, but it did n't go to the committee and now, afterwards when I.
then it was too late.
No, no.
they can appeal.
but you ca n't and I think it's very wrong that one man should have, be almighty god really, do.
Come and live next door.
No nothing, I do n't think you could of done any more, you got it to committee and, and there's nothing more than you can do than that.
You've done very well by that, you know.
I wish we of had that knowledge when.
We would of done the same sort of thing and could of gone in to see the planning officer but I just, I just assumed you know that, that life was fair but of course there's no justice in this life.
Well I, we went there afterwards.
but it was too late you see and there was no, I mean.
I, I could n't produce any evidence of malpractice, I mean I could.
think what I'd like, but I could n't prove anything and erm, so there was nothing that the ombudsman could do at that stage, at, as the stage complete.
erm and there was nothing that a Member of Parliament could do, this is the trouble I mean it, it with everybody was saying you should of contacted us before it went to.
and he, he is very keen to try and change the law so that people like you and I who is.
can, can appeal against the decision which goes against us, it's, its not fair that we.
It's not fair that the, the other people.
can appeal but you ca n't.
Anything he does.
at least, at least you've got it's going to committee, it's not gon na be just on the on the rest on one man.
erm who will undoubtedly he'll have favourable contacts with the person who was applying.
Well it's not fair.
And how's Helen?
How does she think she'll do with her A levels?
Has she had her mocks yet?
Oh for going to university?
What she going to, what she applying to get a degree?
History.
Yeah.
When is it for Leicester?
Have you?
We've not had an appointment to go back have we since you've been home, but I suppose it was been October when we went.
Have you really?
What on earth have they done.
That's only fifteen shillings.
Yeah.
Darling.
Oh I see.
that's the trouble with them.
of course you get that.
you get that back?
Yeah.
but still that's a bit better than two hundred.
Oh.
For C grade in maths.
Yeah.
Serious work.
weekend they're coming.
weekend after.
Was it?
Mm.
No, no.
Mind you the tents up there did n't look very new actually, I know one.
but there was one or two bits of tent then.
multi storey?
yeah.
Who.
yeah just phoned in to find out where the flags were, but it does n't see the flags.
No, erm.
No, where's my diary, I've got, I've got his name in my diary.
It's, er you know I yes, I erm.
Ivor somebody.
Ivor somebody, no just a thought.
Oh sixty five, seventy.
I think he's coming I think he's coming up to the high week group, what is he?
He's something he's, he's, he's some, something to do with er with er, with the area and erm, and he's coming up for the high week group some time in the next, little while, and I said to him you were the group's.
up there.
Oh I think he was just surprised, I do n't think he knew, you know, I mean.
He's erm.
he's about, I suppose he's about my height probably slightly slimmer.
erm and I would of thought he's sixty eight something like that.
He's got, he's got a big, a very big scout badge on his lapel.
No I did n't notice that on the tie, yeah.
Well I, I, I mean I would n't of thought that.
I'm meeting him nine o'clock Tuesday morning at the hall.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I must say I mean I, I mean er there were two rolls.
Well I do n't think they're big enough for a big tent, I mean one is fairly long, but er I do n't.
it would n't be any thicker than that I do n't suppose, but I mean I would n't know.
It, it I would n't of thought.
No, it does n't sound like a patrol tent.
Camping equipment.
Er anyway he, this fellow's gon na, we're going to clear all the rubbish.
That came in this morning.
That was useful was n't it?
Oh I suppose we can have a little go at this crossword.
Oh alright.
Yes.
Encourages prison breaks.
Have they?
Cordless one?
Oh.
That's not bad.
Mm, mm Do you suppose it's getting a bit the the file of phrase is complete fury over trend.
complete fury over trend, there's three, three and four.
I, I, I was gon na tell you what I thought it was and I've forgotten have n't I?
Erm all the rage.
Yeah.
This is the long one, this is the five thousand.
Yeah that's the final he's got three, they've got two, I think they've got two of each before that actually and that's the wide lane that's two lanes so that's the erm, when they do the long one.
Yeah they do they cross over from outside.
to inside.
Oh was it?
Well if they've separated you see you get one on the inside track, one on the outside track and they can be separated by a hundred metres so that there's one, one side one.
there's usually two racing together in this one, but they're in separate tracks and one starts at the outside track.
crosses to the inside track and vice versa there the other straight where they change over I think oh it's finished anyway mm.
Hello how are you?
You are.
Mm.
You were tired yesterday, you were indeed.
Mm.
Well you were either tired or dopey.
Nice.
Yes, we'll, we'll do that when we've had our spellings.
That's very nicely presented.
Well that does n't matter.
You've done a what?
No you do n't.
Advertisement, that's better.
Advertisement, oh right the riverside murder, well that's been nicely set out as well has n't it?
Right okay well we'll.
Anything you need to know about dogs, cats, farm or wild animals mm, right.
Okay, well we'll do the spellings first and then we'll have a look.
Well how many how many do you think?
you did n't earn your.
you did n't earn the disco.
What?
You've got a merit mark.
For French?
Oh why did you get a merit mark for French?
You were good?
And you got everything right?
Very good.
How many more got everything right?
Oh about two, right.
Er in French?
Oh no that was your poem you wrote in your book, right.
okay so we, because last week you had a thirty and thirty three and, and.
and the, and the stipulation is.
if you, what, what was the stipulation, if you get more than.
thirty five, if you get thirty five or more.
you still have to do it, that's right, you've both got to get more than thirty five.
So yes, it's one to forty ca n't be one to forty five because you have n't had tea well if you had tea you could say you were fortified.
Yes you do.
I'm sure you are.
And I gather you do n't go back until Tuesday week.
you have the Monday off as well.
There'll be a lot of bread on that table will there?
There'll be a lot of bread on that table.
That's right, there'll be a lot of bread.
Which trip is this?
Very sensible too.
Mm.
Mm, mm no.
no you did n't.
but your mother did at the end of the day.
She's got a good memory.
Oh yeah.
That's right.
Right, so are we ready?
Mm, mm.
That's very clever well just.
just, just miss one you see, that's alright.
just do n't, do n't put a spelling in the line, no do n't put a spelling in the line, just put a line there and a line there.
and then put your twenty two there and your twenty three there.
Alright, so are we ready?
Number one.
carriage.
carriage, a horse drawn carriage or the carriage of a train.
I guess a plain straightforward carriage.
and number two marriage marriage as Lucy said that is what she saw on Neighbours yesterday.
No I did n't, no.
I, I only.
I only saw it today, saw.
What happened today well she's on the boat is n't she?
Forty minutes out to sea.
They've got to, she's got to stay on the boat until they're gon na try and find her somewhere else to sleep.
and, and what's his name, the lad that's run away?
Has got the sack.
Well he should do because I do n't think.
Right, number three.
Tuesday.
Tuesday.
Is she?
Right, so she should know how to spell number four.
Yeah that's right.
I'm not sure you know how to pronounce it.
That's right Wednesday.
right number five, family.
Family.
That's a change.
Yes that's not a bad idea perhaps that.
When the days of the week were first erm.
occurred probably nobody got paid anyway.
I, I, I have known some of them and I ca n't remember all of them, Thursday I think.
comes from the name of the god of war, Thor and I think Thursday.
was Thors day.
Right number six.
people.
You could look it up in a dictionary probably to find the origin of the word, people.
I'll try and find out for you.
Number seven clothes.
The clothes you wear.
Not till you tell me.
Wow.
That's why he's nice because he's only three.
when he gets five you wo n't be so nice.
Number number eight.
several, several.
I ca n't stop singing that now, if only you had n't of said that.
Number nine disgusting.
disgusting.
Were you both born in Devon?
Are you both Devon children?
Oh.
well that's near enough to Devon is n't it?
Devon.
I mean presumably you was born this side of the river?
Right, so that's still Devon, right now, number ten.
special, special.
Right then number eleven get that, that's very good Holly, number eleven woollen.
She was wearing a woollen cardigan, woollen.
Number twelve you go merrily on your way.
And number thirteen.
heaviest.
Who is heaviest of the three of you?
What is.
wrong if I said who is heaviest of the two of you?
Right, it's only two of you say heavier.
Right if it's more than two then it's heaviest, I have ever tasted clay?
You wo n't, you will not get the taste of clay like tasting toothpaste because toothpaste.
has been flavoured.
yeah, yeah.
Not the nicest of things, no.
They were what?
Mm.
Right, well let's go on, fourteen abrupt.
Abrupt.
He was very abrupt.
abrupt.
he spoke in a very abrupt manner short manner.
Mm, do it.
Number fifteen.
that makes it easier for you, easier.
Have you?
Oh very good.
No easier.
easier.
No not now, we'll do it later, right number sixteen, succeed, succeed, I hope you will in succeed in getting them all right, succeed.
Well if you have got it right you will have to have it achieved number seventeen, which is success.
so it's sixteen it's succeed and seventeen is success.
Number eighteen material.
Material.
Did I watch what?
Rodney?
Pardon?
I did n't actually, no.
Mm.
I do n't know whether I have or not, yes I think perhaps I have seen it.
mm.
Right, okay then number nineteen.
Number eighteen is material.
And number nineteen, when something, when a plant dries up, you can say that it will wither.
Wither.
And number twenty easiest, not easier but easiest and the third task was the easiest of them all, easiest now they were all your new words, now we go on to some of the older words now, number twenty one, occupy occupy.
and number twenty two accept, will you please accept this gift, accept.
not except but accept and number twenty three language.
language this is what we are trying to learn the English language, language.
Number twenty four receive, receive.
He will receive his reward in due time, receive.
And number twenty five believe number twenty four is receive and twenty five is believe.
there's no attempting for taste is there?
Number twenty six, she is a complete.
wreck wreck.
Yes, well, erm, number twenty seven entirely, I entirely agree with you, entirely.
Entirely.
Number twenty eight grieve grieve.
It makes me grieve.
Are you?
Yes he is is n't he?
And I wish I was going with him.
Are you?
Where?
In London?
When, which Monday?
This coming Monday?
That's what I thought, yes I mean.
Right number twenty nine is it twenty nine?
Instantly, instantly.
do you, instantly.
stantly.
If you spell it the way it is pronounced you'll.
get it right instantly.
instantly.
Now number thirty the thought occurred to me, occurred, occurred, or the accident occurred when the lorry failed to stop at the traffic lights.
Well that's a possible answer, yes, number thirty one.
curious.
curious.
You have n't done it yet?
Yeah curious, number thirty two worthy.
Worthy.
Yes the labourer is worthy of his.
worthy, he is worth it, worthy, number thirty three, moisture early morning moisture on the grass is known as.
Yes, moisture.
Number thirty four surrender, surrender.
and number thirty five anxious, anxious, he was anxious to get his spellings right, anxious I shall think I'll have to give you something for your birthday present and it'll be very useful to you.
a rubber, yes you'll must need a new one by then.
an eraser, eraser, number thirty five was anxious, number thirty six is building.
building, building, building.
building, number thirty seven, naturally, naturally.
Nature's way naturally.
Naturally.
Number thirty eight disappeared, disappeared.
the five penny piece disappeared down the drain.
disappeared and number thirty nine companion, companion.
And number forty.
is the word that occurs four times at least in a nursery rhyme, there was a something man, who walked a something mile, he found a something sixpence upon a something style.
Crooked, right, crooked, there was a crooked man who walked a crooked mile, he found a crooked sixpence upon a crooked style.
Right, so.
You do n't?
Bulgaria oh.
Right, so.
Yes.
Right number one, Lucy carriage.
Holly.
You've both got it wrong, it's C A R R I A G E.
C A R R I A G E right, number two, Holly, marriage.
Yes.
er, it's silly is n't it?
You've got that right and you've got carriage wrong and yet the only difference is the first letter right?
So you should know how to spell carriage another time, it's exactly the same as marriage.
starting with a C instead of an M, number three Lucy, Tuesday.
I hope that's not what you've put.
You said T U E S D A Y, I hope you've put a capital T U E S D A Y.
She has, right, okay, good erm Holly Wednesday.
Yes.
right, good.
er number five Lucy family.
No, Holly.
Right F A M I L Y.
family, family, not famliy.
Family, that's what you did you pronounced it famliy.
It's family.
Number six.
Holly, people.
Right, P E O P L E, number seven Lucy clothes.
Right.
C L O T H E S, number eighty sevel several, Holly.
I do n't think so, Lucy.
Right S E V E R A L several, got it Holly?
Number nine Lucy, disgusting.
Right D I S G U S T I N G.
and number ten Holly special.
Right S P E C I A L.
Good, right number eleven Lucy woollen.
No, Holly.
No it's, it's W O O.
L L E N.
W O O L L E N.
but it's not double U O O L L E N.
so you could say that it's not double U.
double L E N, it's double U, double O, double L, E N.
Right if you think of that double U, then you've got to double the O and you've got to double the L.
Right, so number twelve horrily, Holly, huh.
Oh that was horrible was n't it?
Right erm merrily.
Right M E R R I L Y, yes.
Number thirteen Lucy, heaviest.
H.
You did.
Right H E A V.
I E S T, yes.
H.
I do n't, I do n't know why.
pardon?
Holly.
H capital H O double L Y.
You do n't say olly.
you do n't say olly, no Holly, Holly.
and it's aitch not haitch.
I do n't know why you say aitch and your brother says haitch.
no it's, but it's, the, it's the name of the letter.
which is pronounced aitch.
Oh no Holly.
Holly, Holly that is how you pronounce the aitch, there is no other way to pronounce the aitch.
Right let's go on.
Number fourteen Holly abrupt.
P?
T A B R U.
P T.
Yes Lucy it is, right number fifteen Lucy easier.
Right E A S I E R, sixteen Holly succeed.
Lucy.
No.
it is S U C C E E D.
Yes, S U C C E E D.
Succeed.
and you say nothing succeeds like success and number seventeen is success and how do you spell success.
Lucy.
How did you spell it?
No how, how, how did you.
spell it Holly?
Well, well it is S U C C.
E double S.
Succeed is S U C C E E D, but success is S U double C E double S.
Pardon?
Your hair's all cut off.
It does n't look cut off to me, it looks as if it's all there.
Right, number eighteen Holly material.
Right.
M A T E R I A L number nineteen Lucy wither.
W I T H.
E R right and twenty Holly, easiest.
Right E A S I E S T.
Okay?
No it's not, I was just thinking I've, I must run that, right number twenty one, occupy Lucy.
No it's Lucy.
Right.
O double C U P Y er twenty two Holly accept.
A double C E P T right, number twenty three language Lucy.
No.
Holly.
Right L A N G.
U A G E.
L A N G U A G E language er number twenty four Holly receive.
Right R E C E I V E yes Lucy.
R E C E I V E.
Er number twenty five believe Lucy.
No Holly.
Right B E L I E V E believe B E L I E V E number twenty six wreck Holly.
Right W R E C K yes Lucy?
W R E C K.
Wreck W R E C K that would be wreak.
Number twenty seven Lucy entirely.
No, Holly.
That's right.
E N T I R.
You have n't got an E in there anyway.
E N T I R.
E L Y right.
E N T I R E L Y twenty eight Holly grieve.
Lucy have you got that?
G R I E V E.
G R I E V E G R I E V E twenty nine instantly Lucy.
Right.
I N S T A N T L Y and number thirty Holly occurred.
You have n't?
I N S T A N T L Y, what did you have?
Oh, right I N S T A N T it's instant, stant S T A N T L Y so Holly got that one wrong.
Right number thirty Holly occurred.
Right, Lucy, yes?
O double C U double R E D, O double C U double R E D.
occurred, right?
Right thirty one, Lucy curious.
Right.
C U R I O U S.
Number thirty two worthy Holly.
Right.
W O R T H Y, number thirty three Lucy moisture.
Right M O I S T U R E, thirty four Holly surrender.
S U double R E N D E R.
Right Lucy.
Er thirty five lucy anxious.
Say that again.
No Holly.
Right A N X I O U S A N X I O U S thirty six building Holly.
Right B U I L D I N G thirty seven Lucy naturally.
Yes N A T U R A double L Y thirty eight disappeared Holly.
Right, good, thirty nine Lucy companion.
Good.
companion and lastly number forty crooked Holly.
No, that's crocked.
Lucy.
You've got the same?
How do you spell a crook?
A shepherd's crook.
Right.
so crooked is C R double K E D.
crooked.
Yeah, Lucy's got twenty six and you've got thirty.
thirty three, now I've missed one out, you the first one you both got wrong was carriage.
What was the next one you both got wrong?
No carriage I said.
Yeah, now what was the next one you got wrong?
Yeah what's the next one you got wrong?
Right, did, did you not get nothing wrong before woollen?
Between carriage and woollen?
Several wrong.
Wait a moment, okay so let me get, who got several right?
You got it right Holly got several wrong and Lucy got family wrong.
that makes it wrong.
that makes it wrong, so Lucy's twenty six and Holly's thirty three again Holly's thirty three.
but Lucy that's four less than the last time so that, have, have you got them all written down your corrections?
Right, well please make sure this time you really go to work on those as well, now we've got thirty three to have have n't we, now just let's have a look at that and make sure that you.
know all the words that they all make sense to you picnic yes.
arithmetic, flood, wooden.
else, farewell, saucer, aunt, pencil, ocean, colour, clumsy, holy, navy, losing.
then going down the next list September, chief, successful.
soldier, Australia, reached, thief, foolish, pearl, zone.
The next zone.
yes zone, right malaria.
goose, thieves, acre.
an acre of land, deny, debt, geese, machine, prayer, New Zealand and doubt.
Alright, so learn those but also learn the ones that you got wrong this time, you've got, you had one, two, three, four, five, six there, one after the after, in fact you had seven almost in that list there, and they're the ones you've really got to learn Lucy, right, right, so let's erm.
let's hear the stories read, I think first of all you can call.
heads or tails?
Tails so if it's tails you read it first.
It's heads.
You read first.
so you read first right.
No, no, no, right we wo n't argue.
about it.
So nice and slowly, do n't rush it, read it so that I can understand it nice and clearly, sshh, listen.
Right.
What's it called?
The Riverside Murder, right on you go.
Very good, right, good, let's hear yours.
and we'll talk about it later on, yes go on.
Mm!
Now right!
Well I am going to have to look at them both.
And see if I, I like them both.
There's, there's a lot of work gone into those.
Erm i if I'm honest I think I found Holly's easier to understand on a first reading but that may be because I think perhaps read it.
Perhaps, in a slightly more clearer way than you did.
That does n't mean that yours is n't as good.
So I, what I want to do now, and I have do eve take time to do it, I ca n't do it just now when you're here.
But I want to look at them both and I will go through them as well and mark them for spelling and for for your punctuation and everything else.
But, really you both put a tremendous amount of work in!
They're great!
Yeah.
So what's it?
What is it?
It's April Fool.
Yeah.
What's D T?
She went to her detention, I see!
Right.
Yeah.
Well well yes we used to get used to get detention, yes, but erm the thing we used to get more than anything else was pink paper.
Pink paper.
was.
Pink paper was a foolscap sheet of paper like like that.
but it was pink!
And if you had to do if you had, say, three sheets of pink paper because you've been naughty and done something wrong, you had to fill three sides of pink foolscap paper with writing.
You might have to write an essay or you do copy writing on the pa, do three sheets of pink paper, you had to three sheets of writing!
And it was pink paper and at the top it had space for your parent's signature so that when you've done the work your parents had to.
sign it so they'd know if you'd had pink paper.
That was the, that was the worst, that was the pink paper, and then.
you got yo would have to take and hour or take two hours, or take three hours and if you take up to three hours or if you got three separate hours that was detention and if we were in our in the junior part of the school in the first three forms erm, you then had to go into school on Saturday morning.
In the senior school we had to go into school Saturday morning anyway!
We we.
No, we did n't!
We we worked Monday to Saturday.
morning.
We had games on Wednesday afternoon but we had, in the senior school.
we had school on Saturday morning as well as the rest of the week!
Right.
Okay.
So we've got a little time left.
Erm let's have a look at your English these English progress papers.
Because, I want to do a little bit of that erm we are going.
what page are we on now?
Yes, what paper was that?
What page was that?
Page twenty eight.
Page twenty eight.
That's right.
Now, how far did we get with that?
Right.
So.
Okay.
Number eight we've got to do.
I think.
Yes.
Number eight.
Did we mark it?
Did we not mark it?
Cos we but we did n't the last one?
So right!
Okay.
So we'll go on to page that page twenty eight, number eight.
If you'd like to do it now and then we'll mark it.
Number eight.
So write it down, do n't underline it.
Just write the, write the sentence down.
You got ta choose the correct one.
This should be very apt from what you've just been doing.
I do n't know.
That might well be might n't it?
I know I'm, no I'm just coming to sort you out because as you say you did that with Mrs.
So, you have n't done this yet?
Right.
Wait for Lucy to do it and then we'll read it out.
Does she not?
Oh!
Right, so what have you got there?
Well now, it should a be a person who writes books is.
An.
An author.
An author.
Why do you put an instead of a?
Because author.
comme, starts with an A, right, a vowel.
Right, number nine.
So do number nine.
So what have you got?
A person who writes articles for a newspaper is a journalist.
Good!
Right!
Number ten then.
It's when.
we break into a house to steal is called a.
Yes.
So it's a burglar, right?
B U R G L A R.
E actually yours made me think of a story that I was told many years ago on a coach trip over Dartmoor.
when a lady who lived on Dartmoor for many, many years erm was telling stories of things that had actually happened.
to her.
Well, for instance, that she lived in a in an old vicarage, cos her husband had been a a, no a tri, priest in the Church of England and er we her house was haunted and she was telling us stories and sh she quite often saw the ghost, she was never worried, she never cos it never frightened her it was n't vicious or anything like that and she often saw it quite matter of fact.
As a matter of fact, she often saw this ghost.
But, she was telling the story of a man who was travelling over the moor and it was many years ago on horseback and er he was completely lost and wan, it was getting dark and he wanted to stay somewhere for the night and he sort of travelled and could n't see anywhere and eventually down a long drive he saw a house wi, blazing with lights so he went down this house and er, all the windows were alight, you know were lit up and he knocked at the door and knocked at the door, and knocked at the door and could n't get any answer, no one ever came to the door so in desperation he thought well this is no good!
So he went back up onto the main road and very little further on, in fact, he in fact found a village and spent the night at the hostelry and he said to the man in the hostelry you know, he that he'd been lost and that a a little bit back on the road he'd seen this big house all alight and he had erm, you know, gone in the drive and tried to get get a room there but could n't make anybody hear and the erm the inn keeper said, no he said er you would n't make anyone hear there, he said and if you go back there tomorrow the house wo n't be there!
And he went back and it was n't!
It had gone!
Yeah.
Told a lot of ghost stories, yes!
in my.
Oh dear!
Terrible!
Ooh!
Mm!
Right!
I think we'd.
better leave it at that had n't we?
Will you before you come to me next time.
finish down to number twenty eight?
And learn those spellings?
Right?
So that's going to be page twenty eight and twenty nine.
Okay, learn your spellings!
Now, I'll have to talk to your mums but it may well be that I sha n't be here in a fortnight's time so we may.
have to put things back a week.
But we'll we'll think about that nearer the time.
Alright?
Okey-doke And you'll leave your compositions with me and I will look up, and if I can get the marks before then as I probably will I'll let you have them back.
Okay?
Right!
So, one more week to go and then you've got a holiday.
Ha hum!
Yeah, that's right.
Right?
Bye bye girls!
Cor you got ballet now have you?
Hello Adrian!
Alright?
So all set for a break tomorrow?
Thank you.
Have I got to give your mummy change this time?
It looks like it.
does n't it?
I know, right.
That's alright.
That's fine.
Erm right!
What book are we on?
Four A.
Yeah, I know I was looking for the erm oops!
Now right!
So how have we got on with that?
You have n't done any booklet work?
Okay.
Oh have you?
Yeah.
Show us what you've been doing.
You understand it?
What's this one?
I have n't seen this one.
Oh!
?
Is that from here?
Yeah.
Right.
Yeah.
So do you wan na finish that now?
Right, okay.
Yes but the thing is this in a right angle triangle.
the longest side is called what?
Cos it.
The hypotenuse, right!
So the longer side is always the hypotenuse.
Right?
Now, what is the formula for your Pythagoras theorem?
Right!
The square on the hypotenuse.
equals the sum of the squares on the other two sides.
The square on the hypotenuse equals the sum of the squares on the other two sides.
Alright?
And the squ hypotenuse is always the longest side.
It's the side opposite the right angle.
So there's your right angle that is the hypotenuse and the square on the hypotenuse is equal to the sum of the squares, that's the su, the area of that square and the area of that square add together the sum of the squares on the other two sides.
Alright?
The square on the hypotenuse is equal to the sum of the squares on the other two sides.
So what they're saying is this that the square on that side.
is thirty six, so what's the length of that side?
No!
The square root of thirty six.
What two numbers amount to.
That's right.
So the that side must be six centimetres.
The square is six times six which is thirty six.
That is four square centimetres.
It's four centimetres and the square is sixteen so, what must be the area of that square?
Twenty.
Right!
So you've got to find what number multiplied together makes twenty.
So it's going to, the length of that side is going to be the.
You find the square root of twenty.
That's right.
And how do you find the square root of twenty?
You'll use that yes!
Are n't you lucky?
Because I we never had sa we never had erm calculators.
So you had to find the square root of by ar either arithmetic by.
doing in an arithmetic way or you had to use a sca, a log table.
You had to use log tables.
You had to use this sort of thing like find it up in a mess has n't it?
Erm I had to go to a table like that which said square roots and I had to look up twenty.
Square roots twe.
square root is twenty and it's four point four seven two one.
That's right.
But, as you say you can use this.
Which one do you push now?
That's right.
Four point four seven two.
So, you know, that's well the way you do it.
So th that's how you find that.
So now when you got these three here.
You've done those have you?
Well let's see that you got them right shall we?
So, this one you've got twenty five equals nine plus some number.
Right?
So, that is going to be sixteen is n't it?
No it is n't.
Yes it is, sixteen.
So, what's that gon na be?
Sixteen.
Four.
So that's.
gon na be four.
So, C five A, have you got four?
Yes you have.
Right.
Now, B again, that the square root of that is going to equal the square root of that plus the square root of that.
So you've got sixteen.
Or rather, sixty four e eighty one equals sixty four plus some number.
So, sixty four from eighty one.
Gives you.
Gives you seventeen.
So now, for the answer to that one.
you want the square root of seventeen which is four point one two.
Right!
So C again, you've got eleven elevens, what are eleven elevens?
A hundred and twenty one equals thirty six, plus some number.
So what is a hundred and twenty one less thirty six?
Eighty five.
Have you got eighty five?
The square root of eighty five?
Yes, you have!
Er, the square root of eighty five, that sounds reasonable so I would assume that's right.
D you've got sixty four equals.
twenty five plus some number, so what's that?
Thirty nine?
The square root of thirty nine which is obviously reasonable so that's alright.
Right!
So how's.
C six?
And you ca n't do C six?
Yes, you can mar, well yes you can do.
Why do n't you tick it neatly?
As I've said before!
You do n't.
No, it's alright!
Leave.
it now but erm.
that's, you know, you should erm Okay!
So you're going to do C six.
I will do them while you do them.
Cos I.
Which is the hypotenuse?
Which one?
Right.
Right!
I'll tell you what write it down on paper and then you can copy it into your book when you know you've got it right.
How about that?
Right!
I'll settle for that.
Well I mean you've got the right answer so erm.
Yes, what have you done?
Five does n't equal twenty five.
You have n't got five times, you've got five equals twenty five.
Five square equals twenty five!
Yahhh But if you write that look!
Five equals twenty five is not true!
Five squared equals twenty five yes!
Right?
Be very precise.
But you should n't ever write five equals twenty five cos it does n't!
You mean five squared, you mean five times five equals twenty five you're looking for five squared, so that's the right thing to write!
Alright?
Yes.
Mhm.
Which one are we doing?
What have you got?
You've got you've got nine nines are eighty one, nine squared equals eighty, nine squared equals.
what?
Ah pa cha cha cha cha cha Right.
Five squared equals twenty five right now what have you got to do?
That's right.
Right.
That's right.
Right.
That's right.
Eight hundred and ninety four?
What's the square root of eighty?
That's better!
Right, eight point nine four.
What did you get the other one?
Right.
That's right.
Alright but just wondering why you've got this book.
All of you?
Oh.
Are you?
Well this, you see this is the interesting thing because that hum What's that in?
I've, I've just been dealing with that in a booklet.
If I could erm only remember which booklet it was.
Erm That pa that page or was it?
No, perhaps it was n't a booklet.
Perhaps it was n't a booklet.
I'm just wondering why, cos someone's been dealing with that.
just this week.
No!
I ca n't, I'll have to find it some other time but er right yellow book two, let's have a look yellow book two.
No!
I'll leave it.
Right!
Er, so now what erm.
Have you done that booklet?
Erm you, have you done any on it?
Right, let's mark what you've done.
You do this in your school book do you?
Right, that's right.
That's right.
Can do if you want.
That's right.
Well er yes, A five is on the answer is on the erm back cover of your book.
A four's alright, yeah.
Now loo, look on the, no no, wait a moment!
Look on the back cover of your booklet inside the back cover.
Right, that's alright.
They're alright.
That's right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Mhm.
Right.
You can do if you want.
Is that but you're doing that at school are you as well?
Right okay.
So B six.
Er, one to mark here.
Well, I think perhaps what we'll do cos you've missed quite a few of these out so I think what we'll do erm is to leave that what you're doing there for a moment we'll go through this mark this and the one's you have n't done we'll do so that you've got this one straight.
Okay?
Oh yes!
So there is.
Well, well anyway we'll do do that and see see what the other's like.
You've been caught!
Right!
This one posts are erected at a hundred metre intervals on a motorway, how many posts are there in a distance of four thousand seven hundred kilometres?
No.
As I say, you have been caught in a little trap!
Posts are erected.
posts are erected every hundred metres, right?
There's a hundred metres there's two hundred metres there's three hundred metres how many posts in three hundred metres?
Mm.
Right.
Because at no metres there's one post and at the end of a hundred metres you've got two posts so you got one post more.
distance.
Forty eight right!
Got it?
Always.
be wary of that.
And the same thing applies posts are a hundred metres apart.
If you are at the fifth post how far have you gone from the start?
How far have you gone from the start?
Right!
Fifth post, one, two, three, four, five the fifth post you have gone four hundred metres.
So wherever you get that sort of question just stop and think.
because it's either one more or it's one less.
The only time that that does n't apply is if you are thinking in terms of posts in a fence around a square field or round a circular field.
Because now after one hundred metres you've got two posts after two hundred metres you've got three posts, after three hundred metres you got four posts, after four hundred metres you've got five posts but after you've five hundred metres you've only got five posts cos that one doubles up.
So you got one, two, three, four, five spaces and you got one, two, three, four, five, posts.
but on a straight line your.
spaces are one less than the number of posts.
Alright?
So just remember that.
That's why I said you have been caught!
That's a ste, one of those little trap questions.
Now this one, four hedges together have a mass of two hundred grams how many have a mass of two and ha?
Which page?
Eighty two.
Found that quickly did n't you?
Er percentages is it?
Right.
E one.
Have you looked at this?
Let's have a look at it.
B's height is sixty percent of A side.
There's B and it's sixty percent of A C's height is a hundred and twenty percent of A's height.
There's a hundred percent so a hundred and twenty it means it's more than A's height.
If C's height was a hundred percent of A's height it means it was exactly the same.
If it's less than a hundred it's smaller if it's more than a hundred it's greater.
Now the decimal equivalent of hundred and twenty is one point two and there you've got nought and nought a hundred and one so ninety percent is point nine, eighty percent is point eight and a hundred and ten percent is one point one, and a hundred and twenty percent is one point two.
So what you're doing, in fact is to if you've got a hundred and twenty percent if you divide that by of a hundred in other words, you move your decimal point two places that's a decimal.
So a hundred and twenty percent as a decimal fraction is one point two.
All you do is to move that decimal point two places.
Alright?
So to calculate a hundred and twenty percent of amount to calculate a hundred and twenty percent of an amount you multiply by one point two.
If you wanted to calculate eighty percent of an amount you would multiply by point eight.
A hundred and twenty percent you are multiplying by the decimal equivalent which is one point two.
So write down decimal equivalent of a hundred and forty percent.
That's right.
Now calculate a hundred and forty percent of seven point five kilogrammes.
Have you got a, you've got a calculator have n't you?
Have n't got it with you?
But you've got your own?
Scientific one?
No?
You could do with one.
Alright?
It's one of those things that you could do with really.
If you've got a birthday or something coming up and if somebody wants to know what to buy you that's what you want!
You want one of these scientific ones.
So, you want a hundred and forty percent of seven point five.
Let's have a look.
What is it?
A hundred and forty percent, so it's one point four times seven point five.
Try it.
Use that one.
Yes you use your finger.
One point four times.
Ten point five, that's right.
Okay.
Ten point five killogrammes.
Right!
Put it on the, on the er on that desk which probably will be better.
So, alright calculate a hundred and thirty percent of sixty seven pounds.
That's right, a, what is that?
Yeah, so it's eighty seven pounds ten is n't it?
That's right.
Right, B a hundred and twenty percent off thirty two metres?
No.
Start again.
Right, one point two metres times thirty two.
Yeah?
What is it?
That's right!
Now, a hundred and eighty percent of seventy four metres?
That's right.
Right!
E three A.
What are the decimal equivalents of a hundred and sixty percent?
That's right.
A hundred and sixty three percent?
Yeah, point six three.
Good!
You move that decimal point you see, in two places and it's one point three.
A hundred and six percent?
That's right!
One point nought six.
Again, yo you, the figure staying the same, all you do is to move a decimal point two places.
So D is.
One point three nine.
Alright.
And E?
One point nine or one point nine, yes.
Right!
A factory plans to increase it's output by fifty percent next year.
So if this stands for this year's output at a hundred percent fifty percent of it has to be added on to give next year's.
So there's your hundred percent and you add fifty percent.
So next year's output is to be a hundred and fifty percent of this year's.
Because you add fifty percent to the hundred percent and a hundred plus fifty is a hundred and fifty.
So the output is going to be a hundred and fifty percent of what is was last year.
The decimal equivalent of a hundred and fifty percent is one point five O or one point five.
Next year's output is to be one point five times this year's.
So you multiply this year's output by one point five and it'll give you next year's output.
Alright?
You add on that fifty percent or whatever it happens to be to the hundred percent which gives you the new figure.
You change that into a decimal that is what you multiply by.
So, let's have a look.
If something is increased by fifty percent it is multiplied by one point five.
A new town plans to increase it's population by fifty percent during the next five years.
If the present population is eighty three percent calculate the planned population in five years time.
So what are you gon na multiply that by?
Right!
So it's eighty three thousand and what do you get?
That's right.
One hundred and twenty four thousand five hundred.
Now, calculate the new populations when these populations are increased by fifty percent?
Now, you can give the answer in this form you need n't write it out in full.
So, what you're gon na do is to multiply sixty four point eight by.
one point five and that'll give you an answer which you will write down followed by the word million.
Alright?
So, sixty four point eight multiplied by one point five.
Right!
Ninety seven point two.
Good!
Now this one.
A fifty eight point eight million.
And C?
That's right!
Okay.
An airline is to increase all it's fares by seventeen percent.
Now this erm illustrates the increase.
There's your hundred percent it's got to go up by one point seven to a hundred and seventeen percent.
One hundred and seventeen is one point one seven.
So you multiply your hundred by one point one seven and you get one hundred and seventeen.
The new fare is one hundred and seventeen percent of the old fare.
The decimal equivalent of a hundred and seventeen percent is one point one seven.
Move two decimal yo decimal points down those two places, alright?
So to get the new fare you multiply the old fare by one point one seven.
The old fare multiplied by one point one seven gives you the new fare.
That represents a seventeen percent increase.
So at three, before the seventeen the percent increase the fare from London to Feraccas was five hundred and fifty pounds calculate the new fare after the increase.
Right!
So that's six hundred and forty three pounds fifty pence.
is n't it?
Right!
F four.
If you want to increase something by forty five percent what do you multiply it by?
One if you're increasing it by forty five percent if it was a hundred percent and you increase it by forty five hundred percent.
No.
A hundred percent plus forty five percent will be what?
A hundred and forty.
five percent.
Right?
Now what's that of a decimal equivalent?
Right!
Alright?
So, if you want to increase something by forty five percent what do you multiply it by?
four five.
Think in terms of putting a one in front of that and then moving a decimal point two places and it's one point four five.
So okay, F four A is one point four five.
Alright?
That's the first, that's your answer to that first question.
F four A was one point four five.
Now it says No!
Just one point four five.
A hundred and forty five percent is one point four five, alright?
So now it says increase twenty eighty pounds by forty five percent.
So you're gon na multiply the twenty eight by?
Right!
Forty point six.
One point six two.
Right!
Good!
That's right, one O eight point five four and it is in killogrammes.
That's right.
Right.
Right!
So F six A.
If you want to increase something by seven percent what do you multiply it by?
Sorry?
Say it again.
Yeah, one point nought seven, that's right!
So your ar answer to A is one point nought seven.
Good!
So now you increase sixty five pounds by seven percent.
Sixty nine pound thirty five pence.
Right!
Good!
Okay, now F seven's gon na be the same.
Increase ninety two pounds by three percent.
That's right.
Nine pound four seventy six.
Good!
Right.
That's right.
Good!
Right!
Alfred's salary is eighty thousand four hundred and twenty pounds and Alberta's is seven thousand a hundred and eighty four Alfred has a twenty two percent increase and Alberta a thirty eighty percent increase who earns more after all this?
So what you've got to do is to put down Alfred's Alfred and put his new salary down and then you have to Alberta and her new salary and see which is which is the most.
So you're going to look for.
Alright.
So.
so right, eighty four two nought multiplied by.
eight that's right.
So what's that, ten two seven two forty?
Yeah.
Put a, put the forty down cos it's forty pence.
Right!
Yep!
That's good!
Now, Alberta's.
Right!
So, earns more afterwards?
Right!
So Alfred is the answer.
Right!
Oh, we're coming to negative numbers.
Have we done negative numbers?
No.
Right.
Positive, negative numbers can be marked on a number line which extends in both directions.
You can do some simple calc calculations by thinking of a number line, for example, two, minus two, plus five means start at minus two then go up five so you'll finish at three.
So minus two, plus five equals.
plus three.
Right?
Minus three, minus two means start at minus three then go down minus two, so minus three and minus two is minus five.
Alright?
Now, before you right them down just tell me what they are and then we can go back and write them down.
Here you've got, minus four and plus three.
Good!
Minus four and plus six?
Plus two, right.
Yes, two, yeah okay.
So write them down cos yo you obviously can do those alright.
Minus one, yeah.
It's two.
Now two minus five?
Minus three.
Minus one minus three?
Right!
Minus six plus two.
Right.
And three minus eight?
Right!
The number line method works when you have to add or subtract and ordinary positive number plus three means go up three, minus three means go down three.
But it does not tell you how to do four plus minus three or seven minus, minus three, for example but it does not tell you how to do four plus minus three, or seven minus minus three where you have to add or subtract a negative number.
Adding a negative number.
Think what happens if you start with four and add on different numbers.
Four plus three, as the number you add on goes down so the answer goes down.
Four plus three equals seven four plus two equals six, four plus one five, four plus nothing equals four, four plus minus one is three cos you're coming down here, three two, one, nought, minus one, minus two, minus three, minus four, minus five.
So as the numbers that you add on get one less so the answers get one less.
So, four plus minus one is three, four plus minus two is two, four plus minus three is one, four plus minus four is nothing, four plus minus five is minus one.
What is important is that you realise that that number is minus one that number is one plus one if you like but you do n't need to say it but if th any, if the sign is n't there it's assumed that it's plus.
But that number and that number are two different numbers.
They're as different as one is from three.
That is a different number from that, that is a different number from that.
And that number is minus one.
Do n't think of it as taking away one thinking of it, think of it as minus one, a number.
That is minus two that is minus three that is minus four, that is minus five.
You've done some algebra have n't you?
Found out the value of X well you can X equals minus five.
And that is a value for X, it equals minus five and minus five is a number.
So, try and remember that, that that is a number in it's own right.
Now when you start thinking of what to do you've got plus four and you've got minus three if you take the smaller digit, now that digit is four, that digit is three if you take the smaller digit from the larger digit, you take the three from the four you get one and the answer is whatever sign that larger number is.
When you've got two numbers that are both, all pluses, four and two is six, four and one is five, four and nothing is four, four and minus one means you got plus four minus one, is one less than four, it's three.
You've got four plus numbers, you got two minus numbers which leaves you with two plus numbers.
Let's go on and see whether you can pick it up.
Write down the next two lines of a pattern of the bottom of the opposite page.
Notice that four plus minus one has the same answer as four minus one.
Four plus minus two has the same answer as four minus two and so on because the plus and minus gives you a minus.
So we've got four plus minus one is three, four plus minus two is two, four plus minus three is one, four plus minus four is nought, four plus minus five is minus one what's going to be the next one?
Four plus.
Equals?
Right!
So write that down in your book now safely.
A is A two, write down the next two lines.
So you got four plus minus six is minus two, then you'll have four plus minus seven is gon na be?
Minus three.
Right!
Okay?
So let's go on.
Adding minus N is the same as subtracting N adding the minus number is the same as subtracting it.
So copy and complete these.
So write down A three A.
Five plus minus three equals five minus three equals?
Two.
Right!
Two plus minus six is the same as two minus six which is going to be?
You got plus two minus six.
Mm?
You take the smaller digit from the larger digit so you take the two.
from the six and it gives you four but then you give the sign of a larger.
so it's minus four.
Alright?
Now this is minus three plus minus four which is the same as minus three minus four.
Now you can, those are both the same sides so you're gon na en add them together and give it the sign that is common to both.
Minus?
Three and four?
So, alright?
Minus seven, yeah?
Happy?
Right, so A four, work these out.
Now if you can do them then just put the answer down.
Six plus minus three is the same as six plus and a minus give you a minus, so it's the same as six minus three which is?
What's six minus three?
Three!
Right!
You take the smaller digit from the larger digit, so you take three from six gives you three you give the sign of the bigger number which is a plus.
Now this time you've got two minus five.
You take the two, the smaller digit from the larger digit but you give the answer the sign of a larger digit.
So it's?
Minus three!
Alright?
Yeah?
Okay, you got minus one and a minus four.
No, you got a minus one and a minus four they're both the same signs, cos it's minus one, minus four they're both the same signs so you put them together four and one make?
And you've got.
minus, so they're minus five.
Let's just have a look at if we've got six and four we can have six plus four or you can have six minus four we can have minus six, minus four or you can have minus six plus four.
Now that's a plus six and a plus four what's the answer?
Ten.
Nice and straightforward.
Both the signs are the same.
So you add them together and you give it the same sign.
This one what's the answer to that gon na be?
You've got a minus six and a minus four.
Both the same signs.
Ca n't be the same as that.
They're both minus.
Those are both plus so we call it plus ten these are both minus so the answer is?
Minus ten.
Alright?
If the signs are the same you add them together, you give the ssssa the sign that they're both the same as.
Now, here you've got six minus four now what's six minus four?
So that equals two.
Now here you got minus six plus four take the smaller from the larger and give it the sign of a larger.
Right!
Does that help a little bit?
Let's do another one.
Let's do erm eight plus three eight minus three minus eight, minus three, and minus eight plus three.
Let's see if we can do those.
What's eight and three?
Right.
What's minus eight and minus three?
No!
Minus eight and minus three?
Both the same signs.
Minus eleven.
Now this is easy, eight minus three is?
Five.
But this is a minus eight.
plus three, it's minus five.
Alright?
Tear that out and keep that by your side because that gives you all the four possibilities.
Alright?
When the signs are the same if they're two pluses you add them and it's plus if they're both minus you add them and it's minus here you take the smaller from the larger and give it the sign of a larger.
Three from eight is five, that's plus five.
Three from eight is five, but that is minus, so it's gon na be minus five.
Okay?
So keep that by your side and see how we get on.
So we've what were we doing?
A B D!
This one here is it?
Minus two plus minus five.
Which is minus two minus five.
Minus two plus the minus gives you a minus, so you got minus two, minus five.
Minus seven.
Right!
Now here you've got nought and a plus minus gives you a minus, so it's nought a minus four?
Right!
Good!
Three minus three?
Three.
minus three.
Nought, right!
Minus five minus two?
Minus and a minus.
Same as that one, look.
Minus two, minus five.
You got that one right.
What was that?
Minus two and minus five.
Is minus seven.
Right?
So here you got minus five, minus two which is?
Minus seven.
Now here you got seven minus nine?
Take the smaller from the larger which will give you?
Seven.
from two, nine is two and that number is a minus so the answer's going to be a minus, so it's gon na be?
Minus two.
Alright?
There we are, are you okay?
Did you get any more?
No.
Oh I see, mm.
Yeah I just saw the headlines with it, I did n't, I have n't actually read it, no, yes I must have a look at that There has been really, a very sharp frost this morning, the erm, the park is white and the roofs are white.
his own erm stability do n't you really do n't you?
Retired of course he's no, no longer, mm I think it must be, you know, he's probably building this wall all over I suppose people object to the wall.
Do you know, I do n't think I've ever seen that before where the robin has gone up onto the seeds.
they do n't often do that.
They've been inundated with them I expect.
Is it so?
N N W.
Oh yeah.
What's Molly's telephone number?
Is it O, two, is it's.
Oh this was n't yesterday.
this was the thirty first of January, it was fifty two minutes, two pounds, one, two pounds eighteen pence.
Well actually it, it is down this quarter, it is down this quarter, because our erm, our total last, last quarter, the balance brought forward was seventeen pounds fifty five and this time it's six pounds seventy six, so we've reduced the erm the deficit so it is down.
that was I mean, that was, there's a couple you know one to Bridget and one to erm Demelza obviously that we, we phone them up and that's fair enough, you know but, I was just interested in how one.
and, yeah, well did n't we phone her and had n't she had all that trouble, she'd had shingles and.
and she was feeling very depressed was n't she so that was.
that was probably what it is.
yeah no, no the total of current charges was fifty seven pounds and we pay sixty eight pounds in to pay, mind you that is n't so good when I look at it cos there four lots are going this month, this quarter, still never mind eh?
Well yeah I mean it, it er.
it just happened that way you know the twentieth of November and there's the nineteenth of February.
so it's.
Yeah, twenty pounds has gone in.
Mm, mm.
the phone calls, er, well the seventeenth of February looks to be the last itemized one.
That was to Bridget.
well no that was only last night before last was n't it?
This.
this is up to the eighteenth ah, ah, this is up to the eighteenth.
eighteenth of February.
It just did n't get in, right.
Yeah, is the, there's a leaflet here about B T you see and they you, you know the erm the O eight nine eight numbers which are these erm.
any entertainment sort of thing or, or like you ring up best on the thing.
the charge to call an O eight nine eight number from any phone other than a pay phone is thirty six pence per minute at cheap rate and forty eight per minute at all other times, over half of this money is paid by B T to the business providing the informational service.
so, you know, it's making a profit to all the people that are using that.
Aye that's right.
Unexpected, strange.
strange strange.
oh dear.
well that's not surprising.
Mm.
oh good.
Oh.
Mm.
oh.
If you're thinking of going to France this year you'll be deli, you'll be delighted to hear that we're currently offering a three week inclusive holiday in the South of France for the price of two weeks, ask at your local A A shops for details of this and the free ferry crossing offer.
Oh so do we want three weeks in France?
I dunno, I mean it's erm.
I know we are then and if we book.
if we book er, any, er, erm, a deal with them through P amp; O European Ferries, if we book one car and a person on a standard return fare crossing, they'll give you a free five day return to be used on the same route in the autumn them are the deal with exclusive to the A A so do n't just get across once, cruise across twice.
Hello right oh dear good morning I'm glad to see there's another one as idiotic as mine.
It's embarrassing is n't it?
That's a beautiful sight is n't it?
Oh dear the colours of the trees reflected in the lake, everything is beautiful and the gulls and it's so still that would be a mega painting would n't it?
That is beautiful oh good morning.
Thanks.
No.
Oh yes I think it was.
Mm, mm.
Is this the new marmalade?
No it's mm.
mains water burst which was between Church Road and erm Devon Square.
South West engineers were called in to try and to trace the leak in the mains pipe and after identifying it they carried out the repair work on Saturday and Sunday, but while at the scene early on Friday they smelled gas, and the.
British Gas South West whose workmen has discovered a kerb side leak, they worked throughout the night in there to cut away the damaged pipe repaired to make it safe.
For three days out going traffic was deserted by Devon Square and vehicles heading into the town from Penn Inn were filtered into a one lane of the dual carriageway and diverted along Station Road and Lower Queen Street.
So that's what they did at Devon Square, that's why that was all that, that people came up East Street and then had to go down Devon Square and back out.
you know the road we came out of.
You know you saw an advert as we turned into Devon Square, building plots for sale.
That's, that doctor's surgery.
Yeah numbers twenty five, twenty six of the junction of Torquay Road is for sale with a building plot in one of the gardens, the premises being used for many years as doctor's surgery ancillary accommodation and car parking, the property will be available when the doctors move into the new practice home in joining Cricket Field Road car park.
Mm detailed plans have been approved for a single storey dwelling in the garden on one of the houses condition on the surgery reverting to living accommodation, the houses would have considerable scope for use as offices subject to planning or paramedical use especially where large car parking areas are required, the whole is available at two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, but offers may be considered for number twenty five with the garden and parking area building plots to the agent.
Yeah.
Yeah that's right, mm.
Yeah.
Oh.
Mm.
Mm.
It just, it just said Olympic three, nine, one, but there's nothing on here at the moment now.
Three nine five.
Oh Mark Tad has lost, a lot of ground to make up for Britain.
only setting the eighth fastest time.
and crewman only clocked fifty eight point four nine O to being handicapped by a poor start number of ten.
set the pace for Austria with the, track record run of fifty seven point seven four and the second bob is fifteenth see I mean they're, they're, they're fifty seven, eight for nine against fifty seven, seven, four, so I mean they're not half a second then, I mean they were, they were first in the two man and then they dropped six after one run so.
so I mean it's erm.
you can make it up obviously.
We could do, yes, yeah we'll do that.
Okay well I.
Yeah the advert for them, well we'll go out there first thing, I mean we'll go out there first and then we can come back and get a card and we should know whether we've got to get one here or not sha n't we?
Oh.
Well that might not be a bad idea to get the cuttings now because er that lot will be cheaper than.
Yeah mm the frost is going fairly rapidly now, oh I know what I meant to do, I'll go and do that now.
Yeah I got the, I've got to put erm seed out as well cos that's gone.
Daffodils.
Yeah, cos they're quite tall there are n't they?
Well I do n't understand how they're like that cos I mean there's, this side of the pot has n't got any and I would of thought I would of put them in.
Yeah, so perhaps they've moved.
Yes the white's all gone, I mean the, the playing fields.
that are along here were absolutely thick white.
this morning but it's all gone except for where in in the shadow.
you can just see it's left.
Oh I meant to switch me pump off, no, still I think it'll be alright cos there's water in the erm, in the pond is alright, just wo n't be able to go through the waterfall.
Yeah.
No they do n't do normally.
Did you?
Mm oops.
Mm, one was, I do n't know whether they both were, were they?
Perhaps they were, mm.
looks like it do n't it?
Oh is it?
I see.
Well yes we could do that.
well he does n't seem.
to be in a very great hurry.
yes.
Mind you we've now caught up with some more traffic which is going even more slowly.
Yes I did.
Yes he's caught up with two more cars.
Yeah.
This one in front has obviously got a fear of going more than forty miles an hour that's for sure oh.
thank goodness for that mm.
Mm.
Yep.
Mm so they have, yes.
Well I got six trailers and four bush ones.
yeah, five different plants, two of each.
That's ten and I've bought that parsnip, it's only eighty nine, there's three plants there.
and if there's plant out in the sun for one we can put one in a pot and keep it in the kitchen.
So you have n't bought anything?
Right, okay well then we'll go into market or Tesco's right.
Yeah.
no, they've got them in the garden.
yeah, they've got them in the garden anyway have n't they?
Well I got a couple and I thought well I'll wait till I go out to Tregole now, they're probably cheaper there than anywhere.
no they've got ordinary ones here but I mean these, are a whole lot expensive than they were at W Smith's, yes, erm I just do n't believe this price no I suppose they're three for one fifty nine, but that's the size I got.
What?
Yeah, well I paid forty forty nine I think or something like that.
Cheaper at Tregole, yes right.
No I mean I'm alright for the moment, I've got those two.

It was very sharp this morning first thing.
No.
there's ten there.
Mm, mm.
How much?
I do n't think it is either.
Thanks very much.
Well I try.
Now if I can put them in here, it'll stop these falling over, providing they do n't get squashed with them.
Thanks.
Whoops.
No, me.
Yeah okay.
Yes I'm waiting, my wife's gone back to be tempted.
How much is it worth?
Right.
Yes that does look nice, yes I think so.
Well I think that, I'm not sure the white does n't set it off.
Oh I see what about a pink?
And another pink.
Yes or this one?
Mm, it's a bit tatty perhaps in places that one, that one's coming out, what do you think?
Yeah, or this one.
This one?
Right.
Well it's one flower that's probably gone, but take that off really.
Yeah, okay, put that one back there then.
Yes, fine, now you want it in the red one and not the silver one, yes?
Yes well I think so, I think so alright.
There's not much red there is there?
Not much flower there is there in that one, look, or is there?
Oh.
Yes, that'll do okay?
I think she said two ninety nine.
Yeah, but I think it's two ninety nine for the whole lot.
Yes look, under the, under the bottom.
Erm.
Oh that's alright.
Did I get a?
No, is there a handle?
Thanks.
No you can buy, get the handles here separately.
Yeah, go on.
thanks very much.
Yeah that's very nice, yes I like that.
Yes that is a nice one.
Thinking of the red really.
Yes.
Yeah, okay, right, yeah.
I've got a handle here, I've got a handle.
Yeah they're on there, take that off.
Yes.
No I've got, do you want to change another note?
Lovely, thank you very much, many thanks indeed.
Alright?
Bye Oh that's very nice of you, thank you very much indeed, many thanks.
Yes, that's right.
Yes I think so.
Box.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh yes.
Yeah.
I've got to go to Muriel.
Well he's so badly parked you see, he's got to wait for both traffics to go whereas I could go easily.
Well no I do n't know that I would, I would probably go to erm the one, you know, by the egg basket.
Yes.
Mm.
Yeah.
Mind you the van's a long way behind him anyway.
Well I think what I'll do, if I go round by the market I can drop you there by the multi-storey car park and you can then just walk through to Baston's ca n't you?
And I'll go down to the church and park by the church, how about that?
And then you can walk back down is that alright?
That's an ambulance would you believe.
Yes I think that must of come out in the roundabout there, it was n't in front before, erm, so I'll do that yes, I'll drop you off.
and you can just walk through to Baston's, whatever and I'll go to Muriel.
Oh whatever you want.
So I'll see you back at the church I mean if I can just park down by Devon Square I will, but otherwise I'll park.
behind the church.
I would n't of thought so, I would of thought it was more or less the van than anything else.
Mm, mm.
Eh?
Well I, I turned round and backed in so that you could see me here.
Well I'm looking for my glasses really.
Wonders will never cease.
I say wonders will never cease I have just written a receipt for Mrs and I have put it in her envelope and I have written my name in, in on, I've put from and put my name and crossed out caretaker and put treasurer and I have put underneath we do not have a caretaker so we will see what happens How did, how is it that they got to go back with them?
How's that?
Oh he's taken something else has he?
Do you know the pots there, the two that I bought were forty seven out at Havercom, they were seventeen out at Traygo.
so I got four more, had a look round thought I saw it, but Traygo was heaving I tried to park by the erm garden centre, but to not only were there people all parked there, there was a great articulated lorry delivering stuff, so you went in and you could n't even then get out, go and park further up.
well I parked.
I parked sort of out in the car park and then got a tr a trolley and wheeled it rather than have to try and get back into that lot.
Flower pots and compost that's all oh let's have a drink of water.
That's right, yeah.
oh did she?
I always times, the thing I forgotten to think about was that lock, I really ought to do that.
Well I brought one of those.
up and put them on the window sill.
Yeah, they were root bound, those three All you have to spend is the money.
Mm.
No.
Yeah If you could hear what she say it'd make a difference I expect I'd of gone for another vowel there, it you'd gone for E it of been.
Yeah, but you have an E you would of been much better off would n't you?
oh no, that's right or an I would of helped coach.
that's only five, paunch.
Dozed ca n't you have dozed?
Yeah.
So if I do some potatoes.
mm, yeah.
Do you want the pressure cooker up?
No.
So I switch it on, or er.
Yes.
What do you want?
This Busy Lizzy is really coming on is n't it?
Yeah.
Yes it is is n't it?
Yeah.
I wonder if we've got enough forensic evidence, you know, to erm.
Oh, I would of thought so.
Hello, what time does erm Gavin go off?
Oh.
Where have you got to take him to school?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And they do n't get there until Sunday ni, no I suppose they wo n't will they?
Cos by then, they wo n't get to, they wo n't go to the crossing until about eight I suppose in the evening, it'll be a night crossing wo n't it?
I should think so too.
Oh Chris has got to go out tonight.
it's erm Steve's mother's birthday and Gavin's, they've got to get him up about midday, one o'clock or something up the school tomorrow she said I have n't even packed yet.
She said he's now beginning to get excited.
but they do n't arrive there until erm Sunday night, so it's a long time on the coach.
Mm, that's right and they've got all the hassle of the airport, mind you they ought to be able to get a local airport I do n't know who they're going, going with, who the erm Gavin said, I think Gavin said or somebody said something the, the original company have gone bankrupt.
so yeah that might be why they had to erm.
no I have n't put anything out.
Yeah, she was just sort of coming down the stairs yeah it's alright, you know, had a word with her.
This is, you know you just ca n't begin to believe it can you?
Yes.
Is she really?
Mm.
No, I'm.
That's very nice, yes, yes.
Yeah, have ice cream, have that lovely one we had the other day.
yeah.
That's very nice, yeah.
Thaw a little bit, right.
When I went for the paper this morning there was this dog, two dogs actually, but one.
Jessie cos he or she had got about a six foot long tree trunk in its mouth.
I said to its owner oh I said another one as daft as ours, she said yes.
Oh thanks very much, right I'll just go and get the paper.
Yep.
I do n't know where, I thought I left my case here, I do n't know what I've done with my case that's all, it's probably downstairs oh oh I do n't know, mm still not able to find it I think I'd better put these plants out mm that's right, oh, mm that's not there right, I'd better switch this, the tape off cos there's not much, be much conversation now for a while.
Good morning.
Not quite so cold this morning is it?
no that's right.
Hello.
Very well and you?
How's Alistair?
Pardon?
Oh you've got the monster.
Is he?
Oh well she's up and down you know.
I mean sometimes she's better.
Yeah that's right we went erm.
Yes that's right we went to erm in the French Pyrenees.
and er it was n't bad, the snow was n't very good to start with but it snowed on the Thursday and then we, you know, we skied quite a bit after that, but poor girl she got sciatica on the Wednesday.
and erm for a week she really hardly left the hotel.
She came out with us for two or three days and sort of sat you know up a bit and saw us, but then the next week she was really no good at all.
so that was a shame, but er it got better slowly you know.
Yeah I'm dogless, I just walked.
I just walked to get the erm, the pi, to walk to get the paper.
it gives me erm, a bit of exercise.
I do n't get very much now, no, and how do you like your guard dog?
Is he really?
Hello.
Oh dear.
How old is he?
Two.
Oh, my goodness he needs some exercise does n't he?
Oh he's obedient is n't he?
Self erm.
Who's a good boy?
No he wants to run thanks very much oh yes keep you fit.
I tell you who I would see and asked after Alistair yesterday and that was Bill.
He came to see us.
Er, he seems very well.
very busy and.
still working on his new house and, what they've got in, you know Wokham area.
and doing a lot of work, but he was erm, he was asking said do you ever hear of Alistair, I said yes, he said oh well give him, remember me to him.
He was a nice chap yes, oh he was very good, yeah and did you know Ken no perhaps you did n't know Ken, he was.
No he was, he was right at the very beginning of the school.
er and he was one of the kingpins building the swimming pool.
which has now been filled in.
erm.
but er, he died about two, three.
weeks ago and his poor wife was absolutely devastated.
Oh he'd been ill for about six months I think, but erm.
only sixty two.
but you know, but er yeah, you know it sort of goes on does n't it?
Anyway nice to see you.
Yeah.
Oh that's good is n't it?
Oh that's great, yes that's great is n't it?
We've had erm, he may see at some stage, he might just see my son Christopher.
Yes, a fortnight ago he was appointed chief art advisor for Devon.
so erm he's moving, he's moving down in April.
We are pleased yes, cos they're a lovely family.
and they're gon na be, they'll be sort of down in this area you know.
probably the Exeter area, well we go up and stay.
with them up in you know.
in Cheshire, but er yeah.
So er, yes, he's, he's, he's.
a little bit frightened I think, you know.
well I, apprehensive is the word really, but he, I think he came down the other, this week just for a day and spent back here and saw one or two people and I think he's happier now.
he's beginning to get some ideas as to what.
you know what he'll be able to do and to what contribution he'll be able to make.
so erm, yeah.
I mean I, well, I mean you know, I suppose it is, erm.
Tell Alistair because erm, he'll enjoy the joke because, Emelda came down to us you see, she arrived at lunch time, out of the blue to us.
and said that Christopher was on interview and er if he got through the first part to the second part he would in the afternoon he would give us a ph a ring, erm but he, by ten to two he had n't phoned so she assumed he was on his way back having.
not got the second part, anyway, he phoned up about ten to two and said, but, but before that she had said that he had met Mark.
do you know the name?
So erm, I said to Emelda, oh dear I said if Mark puts two and two together I said there's no way he's going to get the job I said because Mark and I, well just, you know.
yeah, you see, so we were laughing about this, anyway, Christopher phoned up and said he got through to the second part, he was the only one that was going through to the second part and he phoned up about forty five minutes later to say that he'd erm, he'd got the job.
and er, then he said I believe you know Mark, so I said yes, so he said well he's standing here at my side, he'd like a word with you, so Mark came onto the phone.
then and said he said, I, I he said the penny only dropped afterwards, he said.
and I suddenly, I suddenly thought I said your father is n't Terry by any chance?
So Christopher said yes, so he said well he said, he said Mark said well we've done a good job this afternoon so I thought that was nice of him.
That's what I that's what so tell Alistair cos Alistair will, will remember the fights that we.
had with Mark.
but he's, he's the chief advisor for the whole of Devon is Mark still, but anyway, yeah, so.
They are, bye.
I will, bye Hello, alright?
What's this, last, last minute filling up your tuck bag for the.
No get the paper.
great journey.
Packed.
You are packed?
Yeah.
Gavin was n't packed last night.
I was, I was a bit excited so I started mine last night.
Oh, so you're getting excited?
Yeah, very.
I bet, what time do you go on the ferry?
Erm half past one, no we leave on the coach at half past one.
You leave on the coach at half past one.
and wh, in the evening we get on the ferry.
This evening?
Yeah.
Yeah, and then a night ride across France.
Yeah and then we stop off in, then we, while we're on the coach we stop off in Germany for breakfast.
Oh yes, yes, I trust you've got your Deutchmarks.
Yeah.
Bye.
Hello, thank you, ah I wish I was going with him.
Alex.
Pitsfield.
can do with a bit of skiing.
Saw Mima.
Yeah she was just coming out the car by the er you know in the car park by Decor Lake.
with erm, with the daughter, what's her name?
erm the one with the dog.
er she's just bought obviously she had her dog there and her two dogs and er, so it was nice, had a little natter.
Said how's Alistair?
She said very happy really she said, he's really has settled in and you know sort of and that was nice was n't it?
Yeah the dog's a black sort of long legged labrador.
Yeah, taller than, a lot taller than Jessie.
and my goodness me it's got some bounce in it, two years old, yeah and then of course in the paper shop who's waiting for a paper but Alex, so I said oh I said you all packed?
He said yes, he said.
he's getting excited too, but do you know is n't that strange he, he came to get a paper you see for the family.
now that family, you know, the Mirror, you know it, it, it that sort of thing.
astounds me.
it really does So what's the latest on the cricket have you heard any more?
Well it'd be on Ceefax I'd expect.
Just what did you say?
It's on three, the, the commentary on three.
Radio Three.
Yeah, that's right, nine wickets fifty overs, two, three, five.
Well I suppose that's not bad, it's over four, it's four and a half.
four and a half or an over.
to make up ninety one.
No.
Defreites was run out look for one.
obviously hitting out you see, they were just.
trying to sort of score the runs and that was it.
Oh well that's not bad I suppose.
Well there's Lewis and Pringle and Reeve and Defreites and Tuftnot, I mean they're all bowlers.
Yeah.
I think so yeah.
That's right, and Hick can you see if need be and Botham can I mean let, it's a good all round side really.
Oh well right well I've got some porridge on I'm gon na have that now, we can go out.
Mm.
Mind you it seemed that they had a test at school last week and he was n't terribly happy with it, he said he could n't understand it, he tried to explain to me what it was, but erm, it's not, not easy, but Ga Gavin said erm, he said they'd had a test and he said it took him time to get into it but once he got into it, you know, he did alright in it, I think he said how many he got, he did n't seem to do too badly, but he said Alex did n't really do anything and what he did do he thought was wrong so he did n't hand it in, he said and in actual fact what he had done was right, so I do n't know, I told, I told Alex to go and see, you know, and ask about it and sort of erm, apparently he did do that so at least he'll know, but erm, it's strange really because normally Alex.
copes very well, you know.
That's right, yes and, and Gavin of course, yeah.
that's right, yeah, mm, yes Gavin really has, yes he's one that's come on tremendously.
Well I think that you know, this, this that the ground they're obviously looking at.
Yeah Gosh did n't know, I had n't heard that.
One of Stephanie close colleagues has been under gun guard, police guard for a week following death threats on the alleged kidnapper, as the net closed on him he phoned estate agent Jane the girl who helped prepare the second artist impression, Jane had met him face to face when he called at the office in Great Bar Birmingham days before the kidnap to collect details on several houses for sale, her blood ran cold when she picked up the phone on Wednesday February the twelfth to hear his voice again.
he told her that even if he was caught he had now enough money to get her, police monitoring calls to the Shipway's office traced the call within seconds to a phone box at the service station on the A one at Groinby near Gran Grantham Lan, Lincolnshire, police cars arrived at the call box only minutes after the kidnapper had left.
part of the telephone box used to make the threats was dismantled and taken away for forensic examinations.
Mm, seen this job share police girl to boost.
on crime reminds me that Bob told me only he does n't, he does n't know how much Bridget knows, so we must n't say anything to her, but he said that there is some possibility that she may get erm, I think April time she may be made what's called Court Officer.
in which case she'll be a nine to five on her sort of on a Monday to Friday basis but.
she'll be sort of liaise between the police, the court and the erm prosecuting service.
and do you know she'd be good at that I think.
so there's a possibility of that apparently.
Forgotten all about that just sort of it triggers.
triggered the mind.
No, no it was n't that at all it was just that it completely, complete completely went from my mind.
Yeah Gosh a record seven hundred thousand Brits are expected to head for the slopes this winter with the snow the best in Europe for twenty years.
Be nice to go back to it would n't it?
Why not?
Why not?
Well how's the time, half past nine, do you want to go Tesco before you go to erm.
church?
I'd better go and get changed.
Oh dear.
Yeah, that's right.
yeah, well they said it would feel cold today.
Mm.
Yes and in actual fact it's warmer than it was yesterday.
Yes I'm not sure he's gone on the double yellow lines, but still.
Yes.
Well I mean this has been alright has n't it?
Is that so?
That's it there are.
But there are three.
Oh two, I see, yeah.
Well I do n't know whether there's anywhere here.
You get out, I'll just straighten out when you've gone.
Yeah.
Yes, you might wonder.
Mm, mm yeah.
Mm.
Yeah I think so I mean it's.
I mean it's coming up to twenty past.
Yeah.
Oh I've come in the wrong way.
No I'll go up the next one.
I was n't, I was going to go right, I was just not thinking you know, sort of.
Yeah, he's not pulling in for me, he's pulling in for himself I think actually.
Mind you I could park it down the road could n't I?
Well still going.
Yep.
Up there?
No it's always been there.
Mm.
Yeah that's alright.
Alright.
There is some in the, in the packet is n't there?
Well I mean I, I did n't empty the last packet.
There was still some left in.
Well I have n't thrown a packet away.
I mean if I'd have if I'd have, if I had come to the last one.
Well I'm sorry love!
I've be.
Well I ca n't but I mean I I certainly did n't erm have n't thrown one out that's what I mean, you know?
Well I know you do so that's why I would never have thrown it out.
No, does n't look as though there is does it?
Oh!
Okay!
Oh yeah!
Yeah, that's right.
You would of done.
They're not doing bad are they?
Yep!
Yep!
or kind of oven in nine, I can only think of Oakhouse as a kind of oven but erm I do n't know whether that's it or not.
If it is the Hindu Sage begins with an O.
And I do n't really I ca n't think of one.
Who?
Yeah.
Just wanted to speak to you about the skis that was all.
Well should n't think so!
Right.
Yeah!
That's right!
It.
They, they had to get ice you see.
to put these things in ice and they had n't got any of the, of the.
That's right!
Th th the final the final sort of sick joke was the fact that erm having having disposed of the fingers to the theatre, the hospital they'd got this box of ice lollies so they proceeded then to give them to people!
Handed them out at the Police Station!
Have a ice lolly!
Yeah, that was very funny!
Yellowish you mean?
Or on.
Oh I do n't know what that is.
It may be an apple core.
Maybe an apple cos I put some apples down there cos the black.
the blackbirds like those apples.
Oh!
Cos you see.
Oh yeah you see it's probably an apple bit.
Well I always do come this way!
Yeah.
Well we do!
We turn right here.
It's really quite a hill up there is n't it.
?
You sort of quite a nice spot for houses really just up the top there.
You must get quite a nice.
little view, yeah.
Well I mean that's, that's certainly true of Doreen's is n't it?
No buses are there not?
Are there not?
Oh!
Mm.
Mm.
See Father then, that's right.
Yes.
He's only just gone that feller.
Next to me.
yeah!
Ya, I think so.
He's so used probably to a left hand filter going.
You see?
And the filter did n't but you tha tha tha.
Well no it does n't, if there's nothing, if there's nothing coming round from the other way it does n't go.
No that's not him no.
No, well it's the filter goes when there's traffic coming across from the other side.
Oh yes!
Yes.
Oh yes, there are children there.
Yeah.
Good morning!
I've got a query as well.
I'm down to read on Ash Wednesday.
with Grace but, I'm also down to read at St .Joseph's and Father tells me there wo n't be two masses on Ash Wednesday.
You do n't do you?
So.
Alright.
Only Grace is not here so I ca n't see her today.
You do n't have one do you?
No, so I think that's probably.
a mistake and that so I can, I can go ahead and take the St. Joseph's.
one without any worry?
No erm no what's his name?
Sid?
What?
Said they do n't have a mass on Ash Wednesday there.
So he said I should forget it.
Brian, yeah.
Brian.
Right.
Yes that's yes that's right.
Oh is she going or not?
Nice little family in front of us was n't it?
Oh yes!
Well.
as tha er.
as they would say in the army she had legs that went all the way up to her bottom!
Good morning!
Is n't it nice?
Oh right.
Yeah, sure?
You sure?
What's that?
Well.
No.
Thank you.
Fifty five was it?
Thank you.
Hello!
Very well.
And you?
I know!
Does n't it just!
So it wo n't be long?
Good morning to you!
Oh!
But Doris has just said does n't that bring back memories?
Yeah.
There was a whole lot of paper getting there, getting papers and someone else but the lady in red actually was getting groceries as well so of course that takes time.
I opened er the queue builds up.
That's right, yeah.
Oh, that's where they live, there!
Oh at least they're stopping there.
Cos it also brings back memories for me of er Mayday celebrations.
I do n't know.
I I'd I'm not sure!
I'm not sure that it does n't still go on actually.
I do n't know what form it takes mind you but the Of course, another thing about those new houses those new hous, I think the ma new road will go just up over here.
The new Kings Kerswell bypass I think cuts through up, just above.
Well i.
Well I suppose it is a bit away, yeah.
Oh!
Yeah.
Well they make.
No ah, no you, yo we ca n't!
No.
No.
As you know you may find that out in a course of.
erm looking around.
Not really, no.
Well I mean I erm I mean they've been so awa.
away all this time.
then it does n't make any difference really to us you see.
That's right.
No, I I mind you, I do n't know whether we ought to perhaps.
I don I it's, it's very difficult, you know?
They may feel that we do n't and they or i I do n't know, it's erm.
Oh no.
Mm.
Yeah.
This is where the roundabout's gon na.
go, here.
Yes.
Yeah.
Mm.
Does she?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Er, often.
Do you want a coffee?
Do you want a coffee?
Mm mm.
Here are.
Is that the news coming on now?
Well Woh.
That's right.
Is the news coming on now?
Yeah.
Well I think they're trying to pin the murder on him.
I think that i i i I do n't, I'd I I reckon they've got him on the kidnapping charge.
Oh is that so?
Mm.
I think you like playing with that!
What?
Trouble is, when it's raining you know, when it's wet, you need to do it every day almost do n't you really?
No.
Yeah.
What time is?
I do n't mind.
Whatever!
Erm Joanna's coming in I think at erm her usual time.
But erm I mean, you know, she come in oh I ca n't have her in the morning anyway cos we're we're counting in the morning.
So we shall be out er, you know early in the.
morning.
Erm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean she can come in at two if she likes but erm bu if she's gon na be out, I mean she can come in at quarter past five.
Okay.
Yeah.
Erm now that's th that's the half term week is n't it?
Now the following week Victoria's away.
That's right.
But everyone else is in but I want to clear Wednesday and Thursday cos I want we want to go up to Suffolk.
Erm.
Midday.
midday Wednesday, so that.
it probably means.
The English will have to be back a week I think.
No, we'll put the English back a week.
erm I think and what I'll try and do, I'll try and bring erm, I've got two on the Thursday and I'll try and bring them forward to the Monday, cos Monday's a baker's day is n't it?
You see, so I could erm.
I could change the times on Monday a bit.
So erm but I.
think i, we'll we'll we'll put the English back a week.
and erm give Gavin and Lucy a miss on that Wednesday.
Because there's a special offer erm on erm there's a, there's a Forte Hotel in Woodbridge in Suffolk which is a nice hotel and they've got a special offer for erm five nights for the price of three!
And that's erm.
bed.
full English breakfast and, and an evening meal!
Erm so it's worth doing that we I, cos I was gon na go I was gon na go Thursday and just come back on the Monday but as it is now we'll go Wednesday and have Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday night, so we'll come back on the Monday.
Erm then, you know we should be back without any problem by er quarter past four.
If we're not.
I would give you a ring but erm.
And it'll give us a chance to go and see my aged aunt.
We have n't seen her for about ten, twelve years and er.
she's the last one of the family that's really still alive and she's well into her eighties and erm.
I, you know I, I just loathe the thought of leaving it and leaving it until the next thing is you're going up for her funeral you know?
And I think her husband will probably die before she will but erm he cos he's older than she is even, but erm and he's not very well, has n't been for a long time.
So we'll go up there.
And there's other friends up there we have n't seen so.
Dozen dozen years or so.
We have n't been up there since seventy eight you see when my mother.
moved down here!
That's the last time we've been to Suffolk.
So erm.
It's a long time.
We were gon na go this we, coming weekend actually erm an, because that would have been easier to put everybo, move everybody this week but are coming, is coming next weekend!
And.
And so erm we did n't wan na put them off and I like to be here because erm Bob likes to go on the Moor as well, so we shall go out on the Moor with the dog a couple of times.
you know.
And that'll be nice!
So erm.
Alright?
No!
They're coming in on the Wednesday are n't they?
Lucy will come in on the Wednesday.
Lucy will come in on the.
Wednesday.
Erm.
Alright?
And I'm, and the following Monday.
Yes.
Yes.
Okay.
They reckon the driver of that car fell asleep!
Because apparently there was no brake marks on the road at all!
Just swerved off into the erm.
hard shoulder.
Yeah that's right.
Shall I ring them up?
Well could do that could n't I?
Especially as I went in and he gave me those brochures.
I Think I'd better put the car in the garage cos I think Steve looks as if he's gon na be cleaning erm Gavin's go-cart.
Morning Steve!
Yep!
Is n't it mild?
Incredible!
I mean it's just it's just a different life is n't it?
I know.
Oh I see, so you're making a the most of his absence are you?
When d'you start racing again?
March the, oh!
. Oh!
Yeah!
I suppose he'll be sort of.
on his way to Germany now I.
suppose?
No they do n't, they travel.
Yep!
No, th er er I mean he would of you see it's about erm well it's two hundred miles to border from Calais.
to erm where is it?
Near Arken where they cross the border that's about two hundred miles and then, you know, by the time they've gone through er er, they'll sort of be well down into erm sort of Stuttgart way I think that sort of area probably.
And there's service stations on the motorway you see where you can stop for breakfast.
And then erm they'll have a couple of hours or an hour break there probably and then erm.
they'll journey on to ge er erm where's he going, Kittsbeile?
So gi, they'll probably go down to Munich and then drop down on the motorway from Munich.
erm the corsair there, the motorway goes through ah, what's the name of the place?
Wurley I think it is.
Ergel Er, no something like that anyway.
Erm, and then it's not far from there from Ki to Kittsbeil you know, sort.
off the track.
So erm.
Either that or they go through to Salzburg and then come off the motorway there.
I do n't know which, well you know i, when it's that sort of area it's, as you say I mean it's from here it's nine hundred, at least nine hundred miles you know it's about two hundred and fifty to Dover is n't it?
And then you've got about you know, you got six hundred and, six to seven hundred miles the other side.
I know.
You know I I sometimes wonder when you go by plane and you get all the the hooha at the airport and you, you get fog delay and delay, get delayed here and delayed there think why on earth you bother you go by train!
Go by plane!
But when you go by coach you you realise why you go by plane, you know!
Cos we went to Winterlarken the year before last, was it the year before last?
No!
I do n't know when we went on the coach to Mannock Farm Camp Site erm you know, and it's a long old haul!
Yo you know sleep in the, you sort of have a night's sleeping in the coach while it's travelling but.
it's, it's never the same you see.
It is n't until ah th, the only time we did have a smashing journey, we went with erm oh what's, what's the name of a local firm from Plymouth?
No.
Traffens.
We went with Traffens one year, the first year in fact we went with Traffens and that was super because when we got to the other side sort of, it was then about ten o'clock he said well if you if there's enough people want it we will transform your transform your seats into bunks and most people wanted and you were able to push the seats so one, two pairs of seats one of the seats went up and the other went down and you had four bunks.
flat across two seats two pairs of seats.
And you, you know, you used, you used anything as a pillow that you'd got.
erm and you were flat.
And I had a se, you know, I mean you you were aware that you were in a coach and you'd you'd wake up occasionally and realise you we, but by enlarge I had eight hours sleep!
And it was super!
And the fact that you lie down you you yo, you spread the weight you see.
it's not all on your bottom or on.
the sle lower part of your back yo.
and you can turn over one way or you can turn over the other way.
And it was really, it was very good!
But they have n't done that, you know, the next time we went they had n't got that sort of seating arrangement.
I do n't know why because that seems to me to be a first rate way of travelling, you know!
I think it's super!
Anyway i, d'you wan na use your hose I mean I'll put the car in the garage if you do.
Well I suppose I can leave mine out you might do mine as well!
Cor!
Yes, the morning before last, I mean it was so cold in the morning!
There was such a heavy frost!
Very warm.
Bring the bulbs on.
Bring the bulbs on.
Mm I like that one up!
Yeah.
I expect to go higher really.
It's just on, it's just using its ha hanging on the existing one.
That is n't Felicity Kendal on the front there is it?
Good gracious!
She does n't need a licence I know that.
But I mean, you know yeah, during the war you got one for.
You swapped your provisional licence automatically for a full licence.
Well and get a couple of days like today these daffs will be out you know!
And now co, considering it's still February we've got quite a lot of blossom out in that garden.
I mean those snowdrops are.
Yeah.
That's it, the berries on.
But those snowdrops are really standing up now!
And the crocuses are out.
And this, these other things are out, whatever you call them!
The primroses.
And the daffs are just about to burst out.
Yes, another chip butty.
Although, erm you know, I I can remember the time when I have not been a, quite enjoyed having bread and butter and chips.
I see he's still on that go-cart!
He's still working on the go-cart.
Yes, that's a good idea!
I think I must have a drink, I've been thirsty as well.
Well it's.
it's an investment of course.
Oh he got off alright?
He'll still be on his way of course.
Evening time.
They were hoping to get their skis and parkers sorted out so that they could get off I think tomorrow but they only got five days skiing cos they leave again, either Sunday morning or Saturday night.

Yep!
Oh it seems a long way to go just for five days skiing.
Rain water?
Yes I will do.
You could do actually cos I've had some in the bottom underneath.
Mhm.
What's that?
Oh put it down here I'll cut it up and give it to the birds.
Yeah.
That wo n't matter.
I'll only cut it up smaller that's how they like it.
Anything with fat they eat.
Oh dear!
Did you?
Where's that?
Yeah, I think you have used the o, one other.
Yep!
Mm mm!
Mm?
Yes.
Tuesday.
When the other side have got.
when the other have got one off.
Again.
That's two nil.
That's it.
Yeah but the top two went through you see.
You see?
Well that's it!
They've scored again!
They've erm.
No, not yet.
Right!
Is this the pairs?
He's playing with er oh no it's not, it's not it's singles.
Oh yeah.
He's now up five four.
Ooh ooh ooh ooh!
Yeah.
Mm.
Ooh ooh!
He could now lose it!
He could now lose it on the last ball!
He's missed it!
He's only got two and he wanted three!
Really!
He, ha!
So now it's, so he wants one and Bryant one for two.
Ah!
Gracious me!
Bryant thought he'd lost it then!
He should of done really it was.
No, I think, oh I do n't know he's an exiled Scot.
Well of course they have to wear different colours anyway do n't they?
Yeah.
Short innit?
Yeah.
Oh, medium length.
Well Thompson needs.
Thompson needs one and Bryant needs two.
And that's Thompson.
He has worked hard.
He only needed two at the last end.
Thompson needed three.
Erm but he just had sort of he was n't so good.
Well that's a better ball!
If he'd done that in the last erm, he'd have won it.
Mm.
They come down to see what the situation really is.
Yeah.
Oh, he's looking worried!
Ooh ooh!
Ee ee!
Yeah, I do n't, yeah.
Could be two.
Yeah we've dropped two more.
Mm.
So he's got ta again.
Mm mm.
And drop himself in.
Well I should think he's now got wo one red I should think.
I should think David will come out on the forehand and try and knock that blue ball out.
The one that's.
Mm.
Yes I.
thought he only got one.
Interesting to see which way he comes.
I think he'll come round this way.
Oh no he's not!
He's coming round the back the other way.
Ooh ooh!
I th probably only red still.
It's still his one.
That's right!
A chalk.
Yeah.
Well, yeah.
If he gets another red he's won the match.
But if he if he plays it and misses it he could give it to Thompson.
And if he if he does n't play it'll be a draw.
Yes.
He needs two.
Thompson did n't play his.
It's all or nothing on this one!
No, it's one all.
I it it's one red, so they're now six all.
Bryant has now got to draw within four inches of the jack otherwise he's out.
He's fired a shot and he's missed!
So that's.
That's out, yeah it's Thompson.
Could n't have been closer, mind you could it?
Two all and six all.
Fancy going to the supermarket like that?
Yeah.
They look rather nice do n't they?
Gosh.
Yeah.
m.
Makes you wonder how much erm ours is worth, not as much as that obviously but er.
Is it?
Mm.
No I do n't think it is.
I bet the local shop sold out of helmets.
Bet the local shop sold out of helmets.
Mm.
and many more wearing them.
Yes she did, yeah, mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah alright we'd better go and put the flowers in because I put a lot of the plants out this mo today.
Yeah I think so.
Fifteen.
Twenty three percent.
Said she slapping in her hand.
I'm not.
You'll be twenty five pound better off cos you're gon na g we.
Yes.
Yes beca.
Cos you get twenty five pound worth of vouchers.
Well I thought it was to start with.
Where is he?
Wendy's?
Oh I see.
Oh!
When's he come back, tomorrow?
I think I'd better take these books back down again I think, oh mind you I can put them up here perhaps.
I got one, there was one up here actually.
Yeah.
Mm.
Yeah there was one up and one down.
I know it is, yes.
I realize that.
Well.
Yeah.
Well I knew it was but it the fact that it had a nice easy switch in the base was something that I'd been looking for.
Well it certainly is much milder.
No I've got it in, it's in oh you've got it there.
well I had it in there.
It's not there now.
I put it in there.
cos that's why I put them all together.
Or did I put it in this one?
No I did n't.
You must have picked it up.
Well because I put it in that book.
I've got no idea.
Right.
Well I know I put them both there together ready for this morning.
No I know I did it, I d I, often I.
often I do n't know.
but I did know that one.
It was so cold the other day, you know last time we were in here.
Mm?
Oh.
Well it'll probably be alright, it's not so cold today actually.
Good morning Muriel.
So do we count it, do we put it?
It was n't counted in?
So we put it in as loose collection?
Right.
Oh.
Nocturnal.
Put them over here look and that that's it.
You want to come you want to come to St Gregory's.
The envelopes?
Fancy, you would n't believe that they'd miss that would you?
This got missed out apparently.
Well they say it's alright, I I think I shall probably check it.
Yeah.
Yes right.
Indeed.
Do you want another pen?
Erm we went I went into the hall and saw that fire.
Erm, would erm Mr sort of look after it and, you know, cos, would he be responsible for it do you think?
Because it's, the school children go in there as well you see and that's a little bit of a worry but, but if they do n't use it it'd be alright.
But you know I'm just wondering what would happen when erm.
Yeah.
They're too cold.
Well, wh you know, wh what happens when the cylinder goes?
Do you think he would erm know what.
Mm?
No well I mean I can pay for it, it's just a question of getting it and sort of erm only we're not often here on a Sunday, if Mr is here, is it.
He's not.
Ashburton.

Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well it's just a question of really of, of some if someone can, you know, I mean.
It'll slide on ca I mean I moved it into the corner so that erm.
Well I mean the children, I mean if I go into the school and I, and say to them look there is a fire there but, you know, please will you not use it but it's just a question of whether the children fiddle with it really, that's.
Yes they are, that's true.
But it's also a question of, you know, erm when it's exhausted.
Yeah.
But I'll talk to you some time about the heating because I mean the trouble is that no.
I did n't know that.
So there's no point in spending a lot of money on it?
I see.
I thought, I mean I, the fire people gave it the all clear.
Erm and with, and with the erm with those fan heaters in there, there is as it were, no fire risk from it.
Mm mm.
And the overhead heaters were no use either, I mean that's why we put the fan heaters in cos they were better than the.
Right.
No we've never known that, have n't heard that.
Right.
No.
Yeah I mean there's no point in re-roofing it for instance.
Mm.
And hardly anybody using it.
Yeah.
Mm.
Yeah I do n't know.
Mm.
The.
Oh.
The work, work something something scheme and and they, they'd refurbish it, all th th that we had to do was to pay for the materials, they provided the labour.
And in fact, you know, I mean they er they made it.
they made it useful again.
Usable.
The trouble is there.
no mains gas.
into the hall.
That is why we did n't, we would of liked to have had it but the cost to put the mains gas in was going to be so enormous.
and the electric supply is limited to the heating that we've got, we ca n't put any more in because the mains supply again is not sufficient.
Well I mean, you know, I mean.
Yes, that's fair enough.
Well well th this was the problem, it was gon na cost I do n't know how many hundreds of pounds just to have the s gas supply put to the hall and we felt that, at that time, we could n't do it.
There's gas here.
Well that might be that might be worth a a query.
I mean that might be worth a query if the Finance Committee are sort of erm er er worrying about the heating.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh this was seven years ago I suppose.
It's good is n't it?
Well I think so.
Good.
Well I'm eleven forty one.
candles.
Well that was here and Saint Gregory's you see.
One two three four five six seven eight nine ten ten fifty, ten seventy, ten eighty, eleven, eleven forty one Right I think we can put it all together ca n't we and erm get a balance, yes?
I've got the Post Office one.
Yeah.
That's right.
Yeah.
Too big.
But it used.
it used to take half a day to cut our grass.
You know?
We did n't to start with, no.
Yes there is.
It's one of those ones.
Yes.
Yeah.
I do n't think our squirrel is anything like as inte as intelligent as that one.
If she had one wish in life it would be that she could climb trees.
Four five eight ninety nine.
Yeah it would would n't it?
Right.
Yes.
Right erm I shall have to get Muriel some change actually.
So do you want to write it down?
I've got pound coins, one hundred and eighty.
er fifty pence, thirty pounds fifty.
twenty pence, twenty two forty.
ten pences, twenty pounds exactly.
Oh no it's er it's oh twenty four sixty.
Bronze will be one forty nine.
Two fifty eight.
Two fifty eight ninety nine.
Two fifty eight ninety nine and the cheque is two hundred, yeah.
This is more cash paid in from the last three weeks actually.
There's two hundred and thirty four, two hundred and twelve, two hundred and forty seven.
Yeah.
two hundred and fifty eight ninety nine.
And look they've put them on the bottom, instead of doing the top ones first, they obviously have n't.
I do n't want to go to the bank but what I want to do is to go to erm.
Tony's.
Erm yes I, I've got to go back with the money to.
So if you want to go anywhere I will I'll see you back at the car shall I?
Yes?
Quarter past four?
Right, not two o'clock?
And not quarter past five?
Okay, quarter past four, righto.
Right she's coming in at quarter past four.
and Joanna will come in at quarter past six.
Yeah.
Well it was just that erm erm erm was it eight weeks your hospital appointment?
Oh it was, that was right.
Yes I have but.
I, er I it did.
Yeah, one two three four, it's gone on to, you know, it's into April and I just wonder whether that was, that's alright.
Yeah well these daffs have really come out now.
Yeah.
They're probably not so deep you see as the other ones that side.
cos there's not the depth of soil in this one.
No.
No I do n't know what I've done with it it may be upstairs.
No.
Erm well either that or we can slip it in at quarter past five, how about that?
Gosh police who found nineteen thousand five hundred pounds at's tool repair business in Newark yesterday.
dug up the garden of his cottage home.
We believe it had been buried in tin cans and hidden in walls.
all over the place, it could take months to trace and it is possible we will never find all of it.
Oh dear Ian Botham's dream of helping England to victory in his last world cup campaign took thrilling shape in Perth.
Botham inspired England to their nine run win over India with his enthusiasm, experience and will to win.
He was involved in everything, opening the innings, coming back as a runner for Graham Gooch, bowling a match winning spell, holding a vital catch and finally ending the game with a calm run out.
Beefy's presence in the England team was a huge bonus for Gooch.
The big fella is more keyed up than I've seen him for a long time and he is channelling all his energies into one final world cup fling.
Do n't ask me how he manages it but there is still an aura about Botham that intimidates even the finest player.
Indian youngster handled England's other bowlers with ease, he looked in tremendous form but when Botham came on and bowled him a harmless straight one, somehow managed to edge it into his pads and nearly played on.
Not that Both would ever admit to bowling a straight one the ball he produced to finally get rid of was a gem and it turned the match away from India.
Mm.
No.
Oh I see I thought, I do n't know why, I thought there was two, ta two sort of halves to this world cup but there's not.
it's, it's just the one table.
Well no I mean they're each gon na play each other obviously but you see England, New Zealand and Sri Lanka and West Indies have all got two points from one game, Australia, India, Pakistan and Zimbabwe have all lost so they've got no points from one game, South Africa have still to play.
So I should think it's gon na be the top four that will go into a knock out competition or something like that at the end, you know?
That's right.
Yes, well the twenty sixth was it?
Well that's.
Yes.
Now that's Wednesday you see so I knew we'd got to do it.
Yeah.
Oh yes it says this is the first world cup the new way of playing the qualifying rounds, this is the first world cup where every team has to play each other and it should mean the best sides make the semi-finals.
Under the old two group format it was very much down to luck as to who you were drawn with, the new system is much better, it allows for the odd hiccup, gives an extra dimension to every game and rewards those teams that perform on the day.
It also gives the smaller nations like Sri Lanka and Zimbabwe a crack at all the big boys.
So everybody plays everybody else once.
and then it's the semi-finals so obviously I should think the top four clubs will go into the knock out.
Tope?
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's in here.

Just suddenly remembered it.
American pop star or something was n't it?
An microwave,.
perhaps horse play interests here.
I've got one here and I ca n't get it.
Well nine down try no take over from S blank oh that's an E not an L of course, that's better.
Even so S blank, S blank P E blank S E D blank.
Take over from.
S blank P E.
P E blank S E D.
blank.
Superseded, yeah, super.
Well done.
Yeah.
Supersedes.
Superse S E D blank.
Superse oh supersede yeah, of course, supersede, yeah, supersede.
Mm gosh.
Mhm.
Oh.
mm.
I could n't hear you then?
What?
Yes.
Those erm erm fuchsias that we bought I reckon they've doubled in size.
Yeah but what would you get with the two?
Thought you said something about a chicken.
Oh I see.
Oh I see.
Oh well.
No you wo n't get that, no.
So you're looking at either these chocolates or well you do n't want the premium teabags anyway.
No.
Well you can always charge them, could always take the cash for that.
So how much is the coffee?
Yeah that's about two fifty is it?
And what else is.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yes but you're never gon na get that, I mean that's.
Well that would be what, f.
hundred fifty pound, hundred and forty pound something.
Well that's ridiculous, I mean you wo n't.
Fifty, sixty.
So there's no, that's no point.
It's really only a question of whether you get the extra one page or, or leave it as it is.
Yeah.
No.
Mm.
One anyway.
Yeah.
Mm.
That would be different.
Yeah.
Right, so anyway you want bread and you want, we want milk powder do n't we?
thinking about salad stuff for tonight.
I'm reading Wednesday.
Oh well I'm quite happy.
I said I must admit I'm quite happy here.
Certainly Saint Gregory's I mean.
Yes.
Well may.
may not be actually.
But I think this will be, I mean I'm more and more I'm thinking that erm.
Yeah.
Yeah they have, I mean they're just.
they're just sort of shooting.
shooting up you see are n't they?
Yes I meant to do that, I'll do it when I come back down now.
Yeah that's right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No I, the other thing is if we're out here, I do n't know what to do about this lamp for the bedside, I mean I do n't know that I need it and it's another ten pounds is n't it?
What do you think?
Oh I see, you mean not get it till then?
Yes.
I've got no i I've no idea.

You would would n't you?
Yeah.
Mm.
Now where's he going?
No indication, just!
Yeah he did n't indicate.
Goodness only knows.
Oh, I see.
Well it was ridiculous!
There was no indication or anything.
Oh that's right they've got, at the Cricketfield Lane erm car park there's a where, you know where the bottle bank is on the.
they've got this clothing bank.
Did it?
Mm.
Did it?
I did n't notice at all.
Oh someone's going out here.
Oh is he going in there?
Oh he's going in there.
You get out, I'll straighten up and come in.
Yeah.
Very well.
And you?
That's right, yes.
that's right.
Long time ago though now.
I know.
Are you finished as well?
Yes.
I think it's nine and a bit now.
just ni nine years Christmas I think it was, yeah.
I erm ca n't say I'm sorry.
You, you look at what go you look at what goes on nowadays and you think erm.
you know?
It's erm it's been very interesting actually this last month because erm talk about your sons joining the enemy erm my second son who's been up in Cheshire for well, twenty years I suppose he's just been appointed senior art adviser for Devon.
Yeah but the stuff he's shown me, you know the sort of, th the mandatory for seven year olds in the primary school they've got to be able to recognize all the different sorts of painters.
painters.
He said he said it's ludicrous.
he said because he said half the.
half the teachers wo n't know.
let alone the kids themselves.

I know, you see.
And really you know, I mean I think to myself well I'm glad I'm out of it really because erm.
yeah.
Yeah well you wish you were back in do n't you?
That's right.
I know, yes it's true.
Yeah well two of mine did go in, one's gone out into the fire service and the other one has stayed in and he's got, he, he's been doing very well, he's been in a big big comprehensive school up in Runcorn, and then he's been seconded to Cheshire County to the advisory service for a couple of years and so, hello!
So that erm but yes, and all the heads you speak to, they say to themselves.
thank you very much.
I have n't done, I've been invited to go once or twice and I.
and, and I've thought well er no well there was so there was something about the erm they're trying to form a, a retired teachers ' branch of the N A H T.
and.
Oh but you have n't heard any more?
I did n't even write, I was afraid to, co I've, I've been inv I'm involved in so many other things I do n't want to get involved in anything else.
Erm and my wife's not terribly well, she's about here now but she's had a she's been in hospital two years ago with her heart so I'm.
having to cut down a little bit but I enjoy my look at Dartmoor when I get out there and I'm busy with the church and.
I still enjoy my skiing when I get the chance.
I started after I retired.
and it's addictive.
it's addictive, it's.
Yeah I went to, we went in the French Pyrenees this January.
I usually, we've been to Austria other years but.
we had a change this time and I, it was quite good, yes it was erm mm frightening you get the adrenalin flowing.
You know there's, there's apparently there's a black run in Switzerland which is named oh my god and.
I, you know the feeling, you know.
aah!
Still, well it keeps you young does n't it?
You know?
Yeah, that's right, mm.
Yes so we come down to this do n't we?
Pushing trolleys, yeah?

Bye bye, nice to see you.
That was Ken.
Ken from Dawlish.
Yes.
Yeah?
What three packs of three?
Well it's not really is it?
I mean it's.
well it's, it's, it's it's erm.
nine so it's, it's less than two and a half litres.
Well I suppose that's not bad.
Seven hundred and fifty twenty two yeah it's just over two litres is n't it?
Well that's, that's not bad.
Er I mean it brings it about the same price as we're paying anyway does n't it?
We've got some small ones but not a lot I do n't suppose.
Right.
Well is that down here somewhere?
Do you want a cup of tea?
What, the ones we bought the other day?
Were they about fifty two, something like that were they I think.
Either fifty two or fifty seven I think they were.
Cos I owe you for those, oh you need to take it out.
Coffee.
Well you'll take the biscuit you'll take the biscuits out of the erm Wednesday thing wo n't you?
But I'll pay you for the two lots of coffee.
Yes is n't it?
Well you'll have to get that in the morning of course.
Wednesday morning, yeah.
She's away till Thursday is she?
Mm.
Doris I think it was Doris actually who said it to you.
So you still have n't been able to find it?
Oh I know what I was going to do.
I was going to phone up the A T S tyre people just to find out.
how much these tyres are.
Well March the s second is next Monday.
Well I, yeah I do I mean I do n't I do n't need them just yet, I mean I think I sha n't need to get them till we come back from the trip.
But erm I'm just really interested to know how much they're likely to be and erm find out how much the Byrite people will erm charge for them.
Yeah I found their number, yeah.
Gosh clematis nursery Westlands Saxmundham.
Yeah just saw.
just the, you know, opened the page and there it was.
Mm.
Did he really?
Yeah mm.
Yeah.
Tell you what, it's gon na be a strange journey up to Woodbridge.
because where all the sort of a route that I reckon I know I, I am not gon na know it all.
Mm ah you're right there.
Somewhere like Trega Mills.
Good lord.
It tightens up.
You know the steep hill at, at erm between Martlesham and Woodbridge, you know as you left Martlesham you went down that steep hill down to the erm the pub at the bottom of the hill where you came out on the looks to me as if the new road misses that altogether.
goes round that, goes to the Bealings side of it.
Looks to me.
Yeah.
yeah.
Mm.
That's right.
Mm.
Landing ourselves on them.
That's right.
Mm.
But if we have everything ready to leave as soon as I get back from chess and I'll make sure I leave promptly if we can come straight away then, with a bit of luck we'll be on to the M twenty five b by half past four so we might.
Practically the whole wa half way round.
About forty miles on it.
It's not a lot further than Gatwick but in the other direction.
But it's gon na take us, I mean, what Gatwick took us about three and a half hours did n't it?
Well I reckon it's gon na take us three and a half hours to get to the other end, so two and a half hours to it and an hour on it if it's not too bad and then of course we've got to go up from there to Ipswich, Woodbridge but it's dual carriageway all the way now you see.
So I mean it's seventy miles so it should only take us another hour.
So perhaps four and a half hours, if we do n't get held up on the M twenty five, four and a half hours would do so that, if we leave here at two, we could be there, you know, well by seven.
Quarter past five.
Com coming up to four.
Yeah.
Cold chicken.
Yeah.
Have you got erm John's telephone number in your erm.
It's not in the long book.
Oh yes oh no, you've got their address.
You have n't got their telephone number.
But I wonder if it's in the chr Christmas book.
I can ring up Directory Enquiries.
Yeah but you're still erm.
Well you're charged for it from the erm a private call but you're not charged.
not from a phone box.

That's right, yeah.
No I think I think we've got the interest your interest on my buil on the buil.
Yeah.
Oh that tax credit, yeah.
Oh yeah, could do that if you do n't get, hear from the.
I would have thought so, yeah.
Did n't you say somewhere in St Austell?
Oh.
Well it's neither here nor there but I mean the thing is that we do n't as it is we're not losing anything because you're getting yours, half of it's coming back as, as gross interest.
You're tired?
Well you have n't been doing anything have you?
Oh.
is cycling.
at a constant speed here she is.
and here she is four seconds later.
Twenty.
Well she would n't go twenty miles in four seconds would she?
In four seconds.
Not really, no.
Not cycling.
Right.
What is her speed.
in metres per second.
That's right.
Five M stroke S.
Right.
Good.
That's right.
No.
Metres.
That's right.
Three hundred metres per second.
I think you'll find here they wo n't deal with miles at .Having said that they do.
No they do n't.
They do show miles but they also show kilometres, yes right, so number four.
Mm?
Are you?
Oh, when are you gon na be a bridesmaid?
Mm, who's getting married?
Oh.
Yeah.
Fours into a hundred.
Right!
M S.
Mm.
It's probably a photograph.
Right.
Now be careful cos you give the speed in metres per second.
So how far is it per second?
Well it's, look he passed the hundred and fifty metre mark, ten seconds later he passed the two hundred and fifty metre mark, how far did he run in ten seconds and you've put down a hundred metres.
Right.
Now it says, B, what was his speed?
Yes a hundred metres in ten seconds but you do n't give the speed like that.
You give the speed in metres per second.
So?
What was his speed?
Ten metres per second, right.
Right, here are the distance time graphs of two walkers, there's the time in seconds there's the distance in metres.
How far did Ann go in ten seconds?
Right, what did you get?
Good.
Right so B one up to now speeds have been in metres per second we also use miles per hour M P H or M I H and kilometres per hour, K M H or K M P H.
Right?
So how far will a lorry go in three hours at a constant speed of fifty miles per hour?
Right.
Just shut these doors cos otherwise we're gon na get very cold in here.
Three people.
Alex is coming in is n't.
Right.
well that's what comes when you have a holiday.
Right, B two if a train is going at a constant speed of ninety miles per hour how far will it go in two hours?
Right.
Yes it's quite erm quite a challenge.
Oh yes if I've got a skill to impart I do n't mind helping people.
That's right, good.
It's been lovely has n't it?
Mm.
And all the bulbs are coming out now nicely as well.
Everything's, everything will start growing with the warmth on it.
Mm.
I in fact mowed my lawn yesterday.
No it was the day before yesterday.
That's right.
Mm.
No, careful.
That's right.
That's right kilometres per hour.
No kil kilometres sorry.
Kilometres.
It is what did you say?
One thousand two hundred and fifty.
kilometres from London to?
Vienna.
Where's Vienna?
No.
Venice is in Italy.
Vienna is the capital of Austria.
and it's right across the other side of Austria from us.
Where you went skiing is this side of Austria, but Vienna is about two hundred and two hundred and fifty miles further on across Austria, very close to erm Czechoslovakia and erm Yugoslavia.
Right so it is twelve hundred and fifty kilometres from London to Vienna, can a Concorde do the trip in half an hour?
How far does it go in an hour?
Right.
So can it go twelve hundred and fifty kilometres in half an hour?
How far can it go in half an hour?
One thousand.
one hundred.
and fifty, right, so the answer is no it can only do eleven hundred and fifty kilometres in half an hour.
Right, average speed.
Mhm?
I do n't think it's gon na be possible this week but perhaps in the Easter holidays erm.
we'll be able to manage it.
King's Lynn.
Erm do you know where The Wash is?
No if you think of a map of England erm the south coast is there, there's Dover, there's the estuary for London, London is here erm then it comes up like this, the east coast of London, the east coast of E England like that this is East, called East Anglia, here you've got Norfolk and Norwich and then you've got Ipswich here and then you've got Suffolk there and Essex, right?
Can you remember that bulge in the map of England?
Well that piece up there is called The Wash.
and King's Lynn is close to the wash, King's Lynn is in this area here.
So from London to King's Lynn is, they say, a hundred miles and I'll take their word for it, London to Ipswich in fact is seventy miles.
But, yeah, that's about a hundred miles you see, that would be about right, yeah.
So that's where it is.
North of London.
Up by The Wash.
Right it is a hundred miles from King's Lynn to London, the train takes two hours to do the journey the train does not go at a constant speed, it speeds up sometimes and slows down at other times it also stops at stations on the way and on once of course as it, as it's stopping it's going more and more slowly and as it's er moving off again it starts slowly and starts to go quickly but because it takes two hours in all the train goes a hundred miles in two hours we say its average speed for the journey is fifty miles per hour.
It says if it was travelling at a constant speed of fifty miles an hour.
It does n't, sometimes it goes more slowly sometimes it goes more quickly, sometimes it stops but because it takes two hours to do the hundred miles we say its average speed for the journey is fifty miles per hour.
Its real speed changes during the journey sometimes it is more than fifty miles per hour, sometimes less but in two hours it goes the same distance as it would if its speed was fifty miles per hour all the time.
So we say its average speed is fifty miles per hour.
There used to be a train called the Cheltenham Flyer there it is it went from Cheltenham to London a hundred and twenty miles in two hours do you know where Cheltenham is?
Well if there is the south coast along here and Devo C Cornwall is there and Devon is here and you get the w the Bristol Channel going up here and then you c the coast coming down here and there's Wales is here right?
Bristol is there, right?
And if you go up from Bristol on from here you go up the motorway to Bristol and then you go along the M four to London well north of Bristol, up where the River Severn gets quite narrow and can be bridged is a city called Gloucester and Cheltenham is just inland from Gloucester.
So Cheltenham is about there, and it's about a hundred and twenty miles from Cheltenham to London.
Right?
So there's Cheltenham.
Right so it went from Cheltenham to London, a hundred and twenty miles, in two hours, what was its average speed?
Well if it, if it average speed is a hundred and twenty miles in two hours how far in fact would it go in one hour?
So what was its average speed?
Sixty miles per hour.
It was n't its actual speed there will be sometimes it will be going very slowly, sometimes it will be going much more quickly but its average speed was sixty miles an hour because at sixty miles an hour it would cover a hundred and twenty miles, which was the distance, in two hours.
Right?
No, none of them are really are they?
Well this one's very small is n't it?
Oh well you're gon na get on are n't you?
Great, yeah, you're half way through.
Mm.
Right so that was C one, C two it is a hundred and fifty miles from Hereford to London by rail Hereford is north of Cheltenham, it's going up from Cheltenham is Hereford the first train in the morning takes three hours for the journey what's its average speed?
Right.
Well there might be time, we'll see how we get on.
Now it says B what did you do with th the numbers one hundred and fifty and three to get the answer?
Right so you write that down, you divided a hundred and fifty by three.
Well at the present moment it's about, where he is it's about half past five, twenty to six, so he is probably waiting for his supper I should think his evening meal.
He wo n't be, he'll have finished skiing now.
It probably gets dark about the same time as it does here.
No it would probably be, you know, no it will be about this, be a little bit darker than this.
It gets dark, it'll be dark there before it is dark here.
because it's further east so the sun is further away from them because the sun rises in the east so it gets light earlier that's why we put the clocks on when you go to Europe, one hour.
Well in America it's the other way, in America i i it is after us because they are further west than we are.
Mm, that's right.
Right C three.
Yeah.
Land's End that's right, yes.
It's right down at the far south west.
It's it's more than a hundred miles from us.
It's about a hundred and thirty miles from us down to Penzance.
So you know we're about two hundred miles from London, so we're about, only about two thirds of the way from London to Penzance.
Yes.
Oh I do n't know since they've done it all up, no probably not.
Is it?
Mm.
Does it.
Oh yeah?
Working models?
Mast?
yeah.
Right, Penzance is three hundred and five miles from London by rail the train leaves Penzance at five eighteen A M.
and gets to London at ten eighteen AM.
Five hours.
And B what was the average time speed of the train?
No.
Fives into three hundred and five.
Fives into thirty goes six.
Sixty one.
Good.
Right C four from Carlisle to London is three hundred miles gracious me, you see if you've got a map of England, we have n't got it on here but if you imagine England going up here, Carlisle is right.
now just think about it if you go out of your front door.
and you turn left.
and you go to a junction do n't you?
Now if you turn right at that junction.
What?
If you turn right at that junction, on which road do you go?
Yes, which road is that?
What's it called?
You do n't know!
If you go out of your f well go out of the gate here and turn right.
and go across Church Road do n't go left down Decoy Road, keep straight on.
past all the new houses that have been built, past the playing fields.
and you do n't know the name of that road?
It is called Coach Road.
and it is the er it's called Coach Road because that is the road that the coaches used to go along to Totnes.
and from Totnes to Plymouth.
And it is the old Coach Road.
So a hundred and fifty years ago you would have the stagecoach going past here.
No.
No.
That house might well have been here that big house just there across th in there which has now been turned into flats.
Er I do n't know when that was built, it might not have been built but it er it's Victorian so it could have been built like in eighteen thirty soon fa certainly soon after eighteen thirty that would have been built.
About nineteen sixty nineteen sixty six.
Well if they were built in sixty six, and I think they were, they are now, how old are they now?
I said I think they were built in nineteen sixty six.
So how old are they?
No!
No!
Nineteen sixty six, what are we now?
Right, well how many years is that?
Well ninety six it will be thirty years.
About twenty six years.
About twenty six years.
No.
No.
No.
I do n't know ho certainly I know there had been at least two peo different lots of people living in ours before we moved in, and I would think there were probably more than that.
Cos we moved in in about nineteen I think we moved in in nineteen eighty nineteen eighty, nineteen eighty one we moved in.
Mm?
Who?
Your nan.
Gracious.
Good lord.
Right come on me girl let's get on a little bit.
D, otherwise we're not gon na have time to go on the computer.
D well yes we can because you can, you can finish it off at home ca n't you?
Yes, right.
So D calculating journey times.
Yeah.
I do n't know.
Is it what?
I do n't know erm Portsmouth more likely.
Yes.
Mm.
Oh Portsmouth is here.
It's not marked but it's there is Portsmouth.
Are you?
What Portsmouth?
To, to, to Portsmouth?
Well, three hours, three to four hours.
And then it's eight hours on the boat.
Oh do you?
Good.
Do n't mind them.
You've never been on a big boat?
Have you not?
Oh.
Oh that's gon na be quite an experience then is n't it?
You have n't been to France then?
Yes you have, you've flown of course.
Well you've been to Austria.
Yes but you've flown?
You have n't done a, been on a boat?
Mm.
Right.
A motor boat has a speed of four miles per hour this means it goes four miles in every hour.
how many hours does it take to go from Lulworth to Bournemouth?
No.
It's twenty four miles.
No.
What does it say it goes?
Yeah but what is the speed of the boat?
Right.
Right, six hours.
How long does it take, how many hours does it take to go from Swanage to Ventnor?
Well it tells you how far it is, look.
so you can, there's Swanage and there's Ventnor.
That's on the Isle of Wight.
Yes.
No.
No I do n't think we landed at Cowes I think we landed over here further.
No, went on a hovercraft well wen went on the hovercraft and came back on a, a ferry on the boat.
Well it's a very specialized boat in a sense, I mean it goes on the surface of the water and it literally goes on the surface of the water, it's a hovercraft is a sort of a it's a vessel which has got a skirt all round it.
Yes, heavy thick rubber skirt and that the engines do two things, they, they drive propellers in the air and they pump air from under the vessel onto the surface of the water and the skirt round the boat.
keeps a cushion of air under the vessel so that really it hovers on top of the water and the air propellers drive it like an aeroplane.
but it skims across the surface of the water and it's very quick, it only takes half an hour to go from Ramsgate to Dover.
Right er from Swanage to Ventnor is thirty two miles so how long would a motor boat take?
Eight hours, right.
Has he?
And how long would it take to go round the Isle of Wight, which is sixty miles round the Isle of Wight?
Fifteen hours, right.
Right D two how long does it take to go from Ventnor to Swanage in a launch with a speed of eight miles per hour?
Right.
Right, now you get the answer to D two by dividing the distance by the speed.
thirty two's the distance divided by the speed which is eight, thirty two divided by eight is four this is the rule for working out a journey time distance in miles divided by speed in miles per hour gives you the time in hours.
Right.
You need a calculator.
How many hours does it take to go seven hundred and five miles at forty seven miles per hour?
Right.
Beirut to.
Eight hundred and.
fifty.
To be as exact as that.
because the d not exactly four thousand miles and the speed is not exactly eight hundred and fifty kilometres per hour.
The nearest whole number to four point seven the wh nearest whole number to four point seven nought five double eight two three is five because to the nearest whole number you look at that four, it's either gon na be four or five depending upon what that number is.
is n't it?
If that's five or more then you pu increase that by one and make it five.
So the journey time is about five hours.
So D four work out these journey times to the nearest hour.
Bombay to Perth at about eight hundred and fifty kilometres an hour.
Hours.
Eight hours, right.
Pardon?
Two thousand two hundred, right.
Right.
London to Geneva.
Geneva.
Right.
No it takes an hour and a half.
Good.
Right.
Now this is quite important, you've got to think about this calculate as work in decimals.
But we usually think of time as hours and minutes and seconds too if we are being very exact.
This scale shows both minutes and decimals as an hour.
Thirty minutes half an hour, nought point five.
right?
Erm fifteen minutes nought point two five.
Forty five minutes three quarters of an hour, nought point seven five and all the different calculations in between fifty minutes is about nought point that's nought eight, that's nought nine so it'd be nought point eight one, two.
three is n't it?
Just over three.
Right?
So it says this scale shows both minutes and decimals and now use the scale to change these to minutes.
Now what's point three of an hour in minutes?
No nought point three's there look.
now you want to read off the top of the scale for minutes.
That's ten minutes.
that's twenty minutes that's fifteen minutes.
what's each of those little divisions?
Right so point three.
Eighteen minutes, right.
B nought point seven five of an hour?
Forty five minutes.
C nought point four three hours nought point four three.
four.
four three.
That's right, well what's that?
Si twenty six minutes.
And nought point nought five of an hour?
Mhm in minutes.
Three minutes.
Then E, change these to decimals of an hour twenty four minutes.
Nought point four.
Fifty one minutes?
Nought point five, good.
Five minutes.
Right.
And thirty five minutes.
Right.
Right well we'll just do this then you can have a go on the computer.
The distance from London to Weymouth is a hundred and forty three miles the train takes two hours forty two minutes for the journey.
we can find the train's average speed like this change forty two minutes to a decimal of an hour what's that?
Right.
From the scale above forty two minutes equals nought point seven hours.
that means the journey time is two point seven hours, two hours forty two minutes is two point seven hours.
divide the distance by the time hundred and forty three divided by two point seven equals fifty two point nine round off to the nearest whole number that would be?
So the average speed is about fifty three miles per hour.
So do the first one here.
D two, London to Bristol, a hundred and eighteen miles at one hour twenty seven minutes.
One point four five.
So that's the average speed?
What did you do wrong?
Yes, but what did you divide by what?
No you did n't.
you divided one point.
four five by a hundred and eighteen.
So what have you got to do?
Right, divided by.
One point four five.
What's that?
Right miles per hour.
Now just for interest's sake do what you did before, divide.
one point four five by one one eight, equals now.
that's the wrong way, you've done it the wrong way have n't you?
So push that button.
It's the reciprocal button.
and a half, one over two the reciprocal of a half if you turn it the other way round it's two over one.
so it's two.
A half is point five.
the reciprocal is gon na be two.
Right?
A quarter.
Oh have n't we?
Oh finish that yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Have you got potatoes?
What's that?
The mat?
Ha, I do n't know I'll have one anyway, I'll see then when I, whether I can manage the other half afterwards or not, cos it looks enormous.
They are, that's right.
Oh is that so.
Yeah.
Mm.
Mm, mm.
No I have n't, I have n't, when you've had yours.
Mm.
Yes.
Oh I heard the bell go.
One of the little maps in the book shows the Isle of Wight with some towns round the Isle of Wight, and it said Poole so she said Poole, she said the boat sailed from out of France?
So I said no Portsmouth oh she said that's right she said I'm going from Portsmouth.
Oh I said, yes she said, I like going on a boat, she said not that I've been on one she said she's never been on a boat across.
Oh, she's you know, when she's been to Austria of course she's flown.
so she's erm, quite looking forward to that.
No I did n't actually, but.
No well having said that, if you're fool enough to sit on the side.
Ah, mm, mm, mm.
Oh yeah, you'd have to perch up on them, sit on them, you know.
well I mean you know, you know what children are, you never know what they might do.
Mm, mm.
Well of course you never know I mean if they close Saint Gregory's.
Mm, I would n't, but.
Yeah.
Is that what she said?
Did she really?
I did n't know that oh.
Yes mind you I had to admit, you know me, I know, never have been very impressed with him.
Yeah.
Mind you.
Yeah, fair enough.
Who's not coming?
Good evening, hello Richard, mm, mm they have turned it down, oh good.
Mum says our prayers have been answered mm, good yeah, of course, yeah, oh was it?
Oh good, no well, erm, I bet you were too, mm, mm.
that's right, yes, cos she was thinking it was Friday, oh, you were there were you?
Yeah, was there a lot of discussion?
No yeah, yeah oh yeah, very good, oh yeah I'm sure you are, jolly good, mm, yeah, fine and there's some, Paul off half term of course, yeah, yeah oh is he oh very good oh of course you're going up to Cardiff are n't you?
Yeah, oh well I hope Helen gets on well, yeah.
When are you going, when is it you're going?
Wednesday, yeah, oh well have a good journey, mm that's right, yeah, mm, mm, okay love thanks for phoning, bye, bye.
Planning.
He, it was unanimous.
Turned down he said now of course we have to wait and see whether they go to appeal, as, as of course he said they're entitled to do, but er.
It might be eight thousand, yeah.
Oh yeah.
Mm.
No thanks, that was very nice.
Yeah.
lovely.
Yeah.
I do n't know, I ca n't remember.
Mm.
Oh yeah, well this wo n't take me a second.
That's right.
Yeah.
Yes, very nice.
I understand the.
go upstairs and get erm.
You see, you there?
Yeah hall hired from you for a function.
injury due to affect the hall itself, E G the floor tile, it is likely that the responsibility for the floor tiling ensuing claim would fall upon us to be dealt with, however you're insured to.
lack of supervision.
public liability insurance but you see we can.
only insure our own league and so it, I mean insured for major contingencies and that.
No I have n't showed this to er, I have n't showed this to.
No.
Oh he gave me this.
he gave me this to.
to send out and I sent it out to all the users.
but, so they've got some sort of cover.
Yes.
Is that for birds, that fat?
Pardon?
Yeah.
I mean it is, it is ridiculous because we've had that November party down there, and if it does need a bit of planning, you just put the heat on a bit early anyway.
I ca n't be bothered any more.
No.
That's right.
Too true we have.
No is, I mean I have to be out by half past seven, actually, something on half past seven on, you know, on the other programme that'll be worth recording I think, something about.
ski safety in America.
Yeah so we'll certainly record that.
No I do n't think so, not today.
Right.
High Wycombe please, John seventy and that could well be, my mad, bad numbers, thank you very much, thank you, bye.
Hello there you are.
Thank you.
A bit thick is n't it?
Yeah, okay.
Oh you're coming down.
Yeah.
Well if I see him.
Yeah.
Mm.
Yep.
Oh no.
Yeah I can do that.
Well yeah I mean I'm, I shall go up to the bank but that's all.
Mm, mm.
Yes.
Yeah for erm tax credit.
Yeah okay.
Yeah I'll go in to them.
Yeah.
Right, okay, well I'll go into the tax office then No I can not see any bleach down there.
nothing in the loo.
I've put, put this heater on which might give us a little bit of, a little bit of warmth.
Well I do n't know, er up in the loft.
er, I mean you know it's, there looks like some like, it's almost like jumble is n't it?
Well if there's stuff that's you know, you do n't want and it's all right for jumble, I mean if you want it for jumble take it, but if not we'll have it for jumble, I mean you know it's erm.
It's all the same sort of thing yeah.
What are you going to do about this bottom cupboard?
Oh it's empty, you've emptied the bottom have you?
Oh well done.
oh very good.
Is it?
Right, okay that's fine.
Yes erm is this rubbish here?
Cos I mean we might.
Well we might be able to put some in a wheelie bin.
but shall we get, shall we.
Yes Oh well.
old semaphore flag eh?
No.
they could of been.
tis the wrong colour innit?
Do you?
Yeah there should be stripes across.
I used to know my semaphore I'm, I've never really mastered the morse, but I used to know the semaphore.
Come to that I mean I can put some of this in the car and dump, just take it over to the tip.
That, that has come off.
that cabinet has n't it?
Put it back up and I'll nail it up some time when I bring up erm, I'll bring up a hammer.
That's right, yeah.
Shall we, if I go up and hand stuff down will that be the easiest way of doing it?
In fact some of this can be thrown ca n't it?
Can I drop that?
That looks like a.
Can you manage there?
You be careful wo n't you?
This can be chucked, I'll chuck it down.
Old.
things here are n't there?
Really a lot of this is.
almost chucking is n't it?
I think probably if I can get this in a box it'll be a lot easier, cos it's a lot of loose stuff, that's a saddle, I'll chuck that down, erm, I do n't know about these things, but er.
Ditch them I think do n't you?
Yeah, well they say every step you go up adds a second to your life.
yeah me too erm er this is, is a lot of school stuff in here, powder paints and paint, I'm just wondering whether being a school might like it, oh I do n't know it's empty, that's empty, that's empty, that's empty, no.
Yeah.
What, oh.
Right that's fine, oh right, great, yes.
Let me can I.
You get down a bit lower and I'll drop it down to you.
You be careful.
yeah, erm, I do n't quite know what to do about this, this is, I've taken some stuff out, if I can slide it down the.
If you, if I hold this at least until you get a bit down.
I do n't think so.
we've got, we've got ever so much stuff.
Is that alright?
There is another lot here in a bag, but this plastic is beginning to go, so I'll drop it down to you.
Mind the plastic because it might split.
Now there's some of these, I'll just drop them down onto these erm, so I'll drop it down onto that.
You know it's wicked is n't it really, cos some of this stuff, I mean this is not at all bad is it?
Can you manage?
No do n't come up I'll slide this down it's not very heavy, I just put some bits of stuff in, it's not terribly heavy.
Okay? this is a box of Tide soap powder, I mean there's quite a lot there.
If I drop this down can you just erm, not drop it down.
Okay?
I think that's the lot.
Yeah.
Actually in honesty they have taken quite a bit out of there, cos there was an awful lot of stuff in there, you could hardly get in at one stage now what are you gon na do with these bike things, are you gon na chuck them?
Yeah.
Right well I'll, I'll open up mine and we can see what we can get in mine.
Ooh it's a load of rubbish is n't it?
I think if I take this lot to the tip now, I'll come back.
then perhaps we can dispose of.
the rest of the stuff.
Okay?
You'll be here for as I come back wo n't you?
Is that all rubbish in there?
Right.
No I do n't think we are, well I can, I can get this erm right, well I can take that in.
This is rubbish?
Right, okay, give me a hand with this.
No.
I know.
I know it's, it's fantastic is n't it?
Well I mean people say, you know, there's, there's so many poor people about, but there's no, there's not the poverty there was.
Right, that's it, that'll do, I wo n't go any further and I can get the other things in well we had er, we had an aluminium friend, a double glazed enormous window over our landing and it was, the aluminium was so cold and it was conden there was so much condensation that we had a new window P V C put in, but I tried to sell this other window, cos it was beautiful you see, nothing wrong with it except you know, but nobody wanted it and I kept it and I had it for about two years standing outside and then I thought I can use that and I cut, it was a three section, three lots of glass all in one, cut down, divide it into two and one, and got myself a plant house under the erm.
under my verandah.
Have you got to go to the tip?
Yes.
Right.
Yeah, erm okay well I'll go, I shall be coming back here actually, but er, I'll take this lot I think now anyway, well no I wo n't I'll do what I've got to do here now and then I'll, I'll go afterwards.
Okay, fine.
Er those snowdrops are really quite something.
A beautiful bank full of them.
yes yeah.
Mm yeah.
Forty nine pence each or four fifty for ten.
It was three fifty for ten.
Mm someone's scarf?
Thank you very much.
That's the second person that's c said that in the last three days would you believe?
Yeah Now what was that that went behind us?
Oh was it?
I w I would have said it was an animal, you know?
Did n't, did n't fi.
Oh yes Erm.
Right.
Oh is n't it nice?
Oh yeah.
Right.
No I, I was just sort of erm A wondering and B wondering whether to go back a different way round and.
But that's enough?
Mm.
Mm.
Yeah.
That's right, it was twenty pounds cheaper.
No it was twenty pounds a month less.
Mm.
Yeah oh yes.
Sort of a yellow.
tinge to that, do n't know.
Yeah, there's a rugby pitch there, I did n't know there was a school there.
Is it?
Yes, just widening it and straightening out some of the bends.
Mm.
Yeah it is deep down is n't it?
Looks like it does n't it?
Yeah.
Yes, a weir.
No I do n't think it is either.
That's it.
Yeah.
Mm.
tree that's making it fall down yeah.
They're gon na get, yes.
that's right.
Yeah.
I'm not quite sure where you mean.
Chudleigh.
No we have n't.
I could certainly do with a drink.
Mm.
No I do n't know anywhere, no.
The Coach House.
Yeah.
Yeah.

No it's warehouse units going up there, I thought it was gon na be housing, more houses.
Mm.
Mm mm.
That's right.
Yeah.
No, no.
Right.
Mhm.
Oh ha have you got that voucher still?
Oh.
Well I did n't sort of notice what it was.
Oh I see, well some signpost, yeah.
poles for a signpost.
Yeah I can just see them in the rear mirror.
Oh he was far too close you see, he was far.
he was far too close to it and he did n't see what was happening you see.
The other car did.
I do n't know but erm.
Oh I was legit, yes, nothing wrong with me.
I was well clear.
The other one's not in sight, the whole of that straight.
No.
Yeah.
No no, he says no, no.
Yeah.
Well I think I'll go round actually cos they're queuing up, we want to go to the grocers so er if we go up The Avenue we shall just come past the front of it.
Yeah always happens to me.
It is well worth going down.
Now there look at that lot as well.
I mean it's amazing is n't it?
All on to one post.
I think this building is dreadful for the poor people living in those houses just behind it.
well there's in gon na be income tax is n't there amongst other things.
their light and their view and everything, I think it's dreadful.
And it would, I mean they, they would n't of even had expensive houses anyway but they must have taken their value away tremendously.
Mm.
Yeah.
I mean I must say it looks a bit bitty but erm er now you see up there they've got the same, similar sort of style really to those houses.
No I did n't, no.
Er well I mean I want to find from A T S or someone like that how much their cars would cost.
That was, no that was that was Byrite and that, but I w I would go there but I'd like to go there with some idea what the price elsewhere is.
Oh.
Right, if I'm not there I will come round the block.
He was looking at you.
Are n't they lovely?
Yes.
The other one's staying on the ground.
Well I mean we've still got two bottles there.
Yes, it'll be nice to have a cup of tea.
Shall I carry it through?
Oh I would think so yes.
Well that's fine is n't it?
Oh you've taken the bread out have you?
Yeah I was just gon na have that.
Yeah.
I do n't know whether sh I should n't think so.
I do n't know ho they're gon na do, well I mean I do n't know how they, how they work it.
It must be quite a job I should think.
I mean I do n't think I would of.
Mm.
Yeah.
No.
And presumably he would swim, but you do n't know that, I just, it has n't come out has it?
Income.
But that is paid gross, that is paid, they do n't deduct there is n't any tax deducted for that.
You've got to show all your income in other words.
Well your, your book went in last November did n't it?
Looking up?
Mm.
It goes in in November, yeah.
No.
I think you did this year, but I di I do n't remember seeing those standing up as tall as that.
They're really quite pretty.
So it's starting.
What are you, what are you going to for?
Soup mix or something or other.
No it's alright, no we can go there.
Yes erm I'm trying to think where there might be.
Hillside?
Er here you mean?
Oh!
Oh the's, yes I think I have se noticed them, yes.
Yes, I ca n't remember now.
I think they do actually.
There you are, dog warden.
Mm.
Oh yes, yeah.
He's going l left here.
Going into the cemetery.
Trouble is, person in front's got a trailer as well.
Oh this one's going right as well, oh, very good.
I do n't know.
Helen, yeah.
I think so, yes the planning.
permission being turned down, yeah.
No I do n't.
I mean he's got a nice house there, he does n't want it erm.
spoiled.
The trouble is I mean if, if it did, it came up and he wanted to sell it would of it would obviously decrease the value.
You'd get all the rubbish from a take-away as well blowing into his garden, I mean it would n't have been very pleasant.
Yeah.
It's a shame because I mean it I think what they've got is really you know, er er er they'd be hard put to it to get anything as good really at the price I think.
Mind you they'd probably get a hundred thousand for theirs I should think now.
Do you remember when we used to come out here for the primroses?
That's a long time ago is n't it?
Well used to come out to Totnes did n't we?
By.
Oh the sun's trying to come through now.
No.
Yes that's right.
There's a lot of sheep there.
Well Thursday, tomorrow's Wednesday.
Police.
?
Mm.
It had been?
No.
No well I, I'm n.
I, I'm not absolutely sure from what Bob said whether she even knows about it.
I think I do n't know, I may be wrong there but erm.
Mm.
Yeah.
No I did n't get to read it either.
Something on the right I think it was.
bed and breakfast there, whatever that is.
Mm.
Must be here look.
Gosh, suddenly a lot of traffic.
That's the first we've erm.
Mm.
Yes is n't it? we ever meet this lady.
It was funny to hear Miss and not Harold.
Mm yeah.
Erm.
Oh it's only the road, I do n't think there's a, I do n't think there's a walk along there not here.
Well I mean we can we're er I'll, w we'll.
I'll go to Dartington via that back road cos you can go that way turn off up here and see.
Yeah.
mm well.
you can drive through the grounds of the college.
Yeah.
Oh yes yes.
Well we've never been along that, actually.
Yeah, making ponds and things by the looks of things.
Making ponds by the looks of things,.
yeah.
You see that's no, oh no parking in this area.
Erm.
It looks as if there is a walk down there but we've never been on it but tell you where you may be thinking of, you may be thinking of that walk that goes towards the erm adventure park at the other side of Buckfastleigh.
We've sat here in the car and watched the erm the birds down there.
There's a railway line down there you see.
That's very new, yes.
Yeah it is funny.
There's Park Road there, now I've never been down there.
Well I d.
Now I've just seen traffic a long way down here, leading to Ella Park and Warren Lane, now I, I've never been along here and I do n't know but I c coming up the road I saw cars down here.
And that's no through road there, obviously.
Well there's no point in going through here then like that.
Cos we can get out here I think.
This is the car park.
Well this is the car park for Dartington College but you can get out through here.
Mm.
Oh I should think it's more than likely.
Mm.
Oh there's a Henry Moore sculpture in the grounds.
Dartington.
Yeah.
The river, but then I do n't know the walk.
No.
Mm.
Yeah.
Now can I get to the no I ca n't get to it there, through there can I?
No.
Well I then remembered that we'd seen it and it's in the grounds.
Mm.
Mm.
But it's that side away from the river, you know, I I ca n't link it with the river.
Yeah.
Mm.
Gosh, lot of cars parked here for Dartington.
Oh yes.
Well there's one, two further along actually, so.
There are three car parks.
there's one there that's the first level there's this one and there's a third one up there.
No there's nothing down that way as far as I know.
It's one of these, yes.
Erm i i i that's the first one you come to, that one.
Well that's the second and that's the third.
Or you can go up that way, yes but I mean if you, you know, you can walk through to make sure you're not there if you want, but you can go up, that's the way.
to to it.
Alright?
Oh when you've lost your car park.
Yeah well they do n't think it was they do n't think it was the first one, no.
No mm.
Now.
Well is it here?
Oh yeah it's Food you want is n't it?
So it's up here further.
Yeah.
Now what's in here?
Is this it?
Well there's, see look there's herbs and things here you see look.
I mean it may be further up.
What?
Dill tops.
I see dill tops, rosemary.
Mm yes you do do n't do?
Mm.
Certainly some mixed scents here are n't there?
You can get aniseed here.
Yes.
Mm.
Casserole mix, mm.
Is that what you wanted?
It's dear.
Homemade orange ground rice cake two pounds twenty.
So how much would your sponge make?
Yeah.
Dear.
Homemade chocolate Victoria sandwich two pound twenty.
Marmalade buns.
Well I do n't know, is that I do n't think that's thirty eight is it?
Probably thirty eight pence each I should think.
Mm.
Well I know, well that's twenty three.
Pigeon and bacon pies.
I should n't think so.
Oh yeah.
Maple and walnut, strawberry, chocolate.
toffee.
Apricot and vanilla.
I'll have a maple and walnut please?
They seem to be the favourites do n't they?
The.

Flavour of the month.
Thank you.
Thanks very much!
Okay love?
Well that's, that's what I meant if we were make them.
Yeah.
Mm!
Lavender.
Lavender.
Oh I dunno!
Perhaps it is rosemary!
But are there, you do n't get this with rosemary do you?
Yeah, so I thought.
Why not?
It's cor!
Mm?
There are a lot of people here!
Difficult to tell is n't it?
Difficult to tell!
Ooh I know!
Very nice!
Yeah.
It is is n't it?
Probably in the restaurant.
It breaks does n't it?
Yeah.
Pardon?
Maggi for Men!
Oh!
Yeah, I think it is by the looks of things.
Yes it is, yeah.
Well, that's it anyhow.
Like the, I mean that does n't really bear any resemblance to that but it's obviously the way.
Mm.
No.
Have half a dozen of those floating around in the garden.
Say, have a dozen of those floating around the garden.
Well yeah I su I suppose there must be!
Mm.
Yes!
Oh I do n't think you can walk here!
Yes.
Probably, yes.
Yeah.
Sorry!
Oh green that er.
Oh yes!
There are, yeah!
Mm.
Yes!
Is it?
Oh yes!
There a lot more over there look!
Mm.
What do you say?
Oh yes, there's a lot there look!
Yeah.
Time?
Ooh!
Ten past three.
Ah.
Special designs.
available o in request for so many other designs in stock.
Mm.
Mm.
Yeah.
Well.
that's a sort of erm water based is n't it?
And that's where they do the.
so, mm.
Oh yeah!
Pardon?
Yes, it is is n't it?
Although you can still see through it.
Probably just the bottom that's dirty.
And you can.
Obviously!
Mm mm!
Mm.
There's lots of these old sort of posts along here with these holes in them.
Yes.
Mm!
Yeah.
Yeah!
Mm.
Perfect gentleman!
See look at all those cross pieces, they look as they've been there for some purpose, you know?
I mean these have n't just been put here, they've been there for a long time!
See look!
You see there's original cross piece whatever it was!
You know, they're obviously cutting paths through.
there.
Mm.
I do n't know.
I do n't know that's a sort of a proper path there.
Er well if it wa if it was it would be very convenient cos it would probably come out on the car park but er.
Yeah.
Well we could try there.
Yeah.
Look at all the erm cars going up to those houses up there look!
Well do you want to walk back along here and see whether or do you want to walk a little further along here?
Mhm.
Well perhaps we better not go down cos we shall have to.
come up again sha n't we?
Well we could go, go along there, I dunno, go along here and see whether it comes out.
No I do n't think so.
Go down.
Yes I know.
The weir there!
Mm.
Yeah.
Mm.
Yes.
It's all very nice!
Said it's all very nice!
There's a bunch of daffodils up there actually in the, yeah.
Whe, that's where I was, yeah.
Thinks what were these do you know?
Oh did they?
Yeah, that's, oh!
Yeah, well that's, that makes sense does n't it?
Yes.
That's right.
Yeah.
Down to the mill of course.
Yeah.
Oh thanks.
That's right, yes.
Ha.
Yeah.
Wha.
No, if he er, it'd be a, a wooden trough with water.
It'd be a leet and it carried the water.
You see?
Erm, in fact further down there you've got the leet on the ground going down to where the waterwheel is.
And er, but this must have been a leet that came haf, from higher you see?
You know.
Well ha, we saw higher up, we saw the.
th the carriers you see.
Oh that's right yeah.
l.
Good morning!
Oh!
Thank you!
Have you any erm stamps?
Second class.
Five please.
That's right.
That'll do.
That's right!
There's a lot that do n't do it these days!
It's ever so important!
That's right.
It takes so, it takes so long to do everything you see.
That's right.
No good at all!
Yeah.
Mm.
That's right.
That's right.
Well it it saves so much time as well you see because and you get on so much quicker with everything!
That's right.
Well I've got, I pu put a program on, I've got a computer and I.
put a program on the computer for maths.
and it's er it's erm it's a table program amongst others, adding.
and subtraction and multiplication.
But, you know they can pick it and er, it just flashes up and they have to put the right answer in, if they get the right answer it it goes on to the next one, if it.
get the wrong answer.
then i it says no that's wrong!
Sorry la whatever he name is that.
Well this is really for anybody learning the tables.
But, primarily it's it's it's, you know top end of the primary school.
But you co could go on, I mean if you if they do n't know it you can still use it when they get to secondary school.
Oh it's er, it's erm.
It's a Tandy actually, it's one I had.
given me about eight.
years ago.
So, and it's an old one actually.
but I've put, put my own program so that the.
But how old is your.
Well, yes of course, I mean I, the schools have got programs I mean you can, you know they er.
Da ta for it.
Where does he go?
That's great, you see!
Yeah.
That's right.
That's right.
It's a shame really!
That's right.
That's my allowance.
That's my allowance!
No I wa I'm I've I.
Yeah!
Erm I mean this is only a er this is only a sort of a a wa a program I've built myself.
but I mean, you know, yeah I mean it's erm.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's great is n't it?
Yeah.
Mm.
I it's i, I'm.
terribly sad that it happens, but it should n't happen, you see!
Ge da bo to to.
serve this dear lady!

Somebody did n't even know how many months there were in the year!
You know?
And days in the year is, is a.
is a closed book!
Nothing!
That's right!
If they wanted to!
Yeah!
Yeah!
That's right!
Well it's great!
Yep!
And.
it's progression!
That's right!
That's right!
That's it.
Yeah.
That's right!
and er as it should be done.
And he's getting on very well.
Because he went to Little Abbotsbury Prep School and at the age of four I mean, he could read and read quite well actually, and erm write very well actually!
And do lots of things that I knew he was capable of doing.
And I learnt from various teachers that when you go to these private schools and they've been to schools, they hold them back because they like, they do n't like the.
They do n't like somebody.
That's right!
it it it upsets the system!
Yep!
That's right!
And then it gets held back!
That's right!
Yeah.
I know!
It's a shame because years ago when Miss what was her.
Miss and they had a lovely violin group there and.
I mean.
and you know, and it was tremendous!
But i it's a shame because you see it's, it's really down to the a lot of the advisory staff and erm yo your teacher training colleges because there was a period when, I mean, I was always very formal I mean I, I, you know.
you've got to work and and th.
we had exams and you know?
Er, it was er re.
Course they are!
Vitally important!
But, towards the end, before I retired erm a lot of the staff did n't like what I was doing because I was still, you know, ant and the advisor would come in and say you know, you should do it, yo yo you know, it's too strict!
That's right!
Same sort of thing you see!
But things are beginning.
to go back you see.
No, that's right!
That's right!
Yeah.
That's it!
That's right!
No.
My er.
my son, one of my so.
Yes, erm on the other hand there are some.
there are some very good comprehensive schools!
I mean you ca n't, you ca n't erm.
There's some very bad grammar schools!
You know, again as you said earlier on it all comes down in the end to the head!
Mm.
No it does n't, you see.
I mean I yo, I would always say, you know if a child was borderline.
If there was a doubt then he would be better not going to a grammar school.
because he would be at the top end of the other school.
and then success breeds success!
Erm whereas.
er the same child goes to the grammar school, he's in the C stream, he's at bottom.
at the end and they perhaps do n't bother quite so much and.
he, he drops back, he gets.
further and further and further behind.
No.
That's right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's right!
That's right!
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's right!
Ha!
Ya, I I, I'm only sorry that you felt you.
had to!
And I'm sorry.
the fact that you had to!
Erm but I, you know I think that's that, that's an indictment of it you see because I.
Yeah sure!
That's it!
Yeah I know it's sad is n't it?
Yeah I do.
I do know what you.
mean and I think it's, it's, it's a shame!
It's awful really!
And that's right!
You ca n't!
I know!
Well.
See you again.
Bye bye!
Erm lady in the Post Office.
You know that new one that's in there?
She's ever so nice!
Th the the.
But er I do n't know how we got onto it er sh and I think she said something about oh, she knew her tables.
and erm you know, she'd come from Hampshire apparently and she an an yo you know, er we got talking about ma and she's taken her child away from the local school and sen, is now going to a little private school up the Tin Valley, near Tingrace apparently.
Fra.
Good morning.
Yes.
I it's erm Monsignor, that's right, I recognized your voice.
Yeah.
Yes.
Right.
Would you hold on a moment I'll just get Margaret to the phone cos she really deals with the bookings hold on a second!
Monsignor.
He wants the hall Ma March the twenty sixth I think.
I i he's got to organize meetings for priests to deal with the new accounting system.
Of March is that?
Oh!
Ha!
Gracious!
Hicks is hoax.
Well it means that if if Botham does open then the only place for Hicks is in the middle taking Lamb's place so when Lamb comes back.
he might not have a place.
There's one here about British Gas complaints about British Gas rose a hundred and thirty four percent last year according to the recent Offgas report.
In one case a Leeds man received a quarterly bill for more than three thousand pounds after British Gas engineers fitted his new meter back to front!
Good gracious!
Times may be tough but it seems we're taking less care of our money than ever before.
According to the Royal Mint around twenty three thousand pounds of coins a day disappear!
Some is taken home by tourist and some is lost in the street and down the backs of sofas.
But amazingly we are just as careless when it comes to bank notes.
Last November the old style fiver with the Duke of Wellington was withdrawn yet there are still sixty million missing!
Sixty million's a lot is n't it?
That's quite interesting that!
There's a mutilated notes department as well that you can send really screwed up notes to.
Yeah.
Oh that's right, well the they detail here exactly what you need to have.
I think just, if you've got the number you can take it into an ordinary bank.
Amazing!
Yeah!
Yes, I know how we got talking to this girl in the Post Office cos I erm I asked her for some stamps as well, you see, I wanted some cos I happen to be sending stuff of for Germany tomorrow.
And I have n't got any second class stamps so I thought well I'll get five and it was, you know, dealing with that that erm.
it cropped up.
Oh no, no!
That's right.
She was really upset about it.
I was, yeah!
Oh aye!
Yeah, I never thought of that.
No, I, it was just that I, you know, I mean he I recognized the voice really as he spoke.
Got a very.
very distinctive voice has n't he?
It's still only half past nine so that's not bad!
I said it's still only half past nine, so that's not bad!
Yeah.
Oh!
Oh you'll have to charge them francs for it.
Yeah.
Yes, I, the birds do n't half have a go at those nuts do n't they?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yes there are.
Yeah, that's right!
One, two three, yeah.
Yeah.
They're so busy around here!
I mean, in the trees as well are n't they?
They're always.
Yeah.
That's right.
Where's what come from?
Yeah.
Suppose I must n't really, I'm reading this morning.
Let's have a look at that.
Well you always thought about going to the Beefeater a bu really I suppose it might be better to go today than tomorrow.
Cos today Lucy will be here but tomorrow might be more difficult.
Erm because I would n't sort of finished till quarter pa.
I said to Kevin as he was talking, he came to help to wash up.
and er.
he said, you on the finance committee?
Oh he says no he says I'm no good at figures, I said well not alike except blonde ones I said you know cos he made.
he made a joke about a blonde you see just before that, anyway and I said I just wanted to, do you know who is on so he said oh he thinks is on and that must be the from.
That's it yeah, and erm I was erm Wally and Gordon and he thinks there's another couple you see, so I said well, you know, and I told him about the heater you see and he know, I said when people sitting on their backsides in committee making decisions, I said, you know, I said it just makes me bloody well annoyed, he said I know he said they do n't, they, they make the decisions and, but they do n't do the nitty gritty, they you know.
the person that has to implement these things they do n't and I said.
About the hall.
That's right.
I mean I was asked to do it right from the word go was n't I?
That's right.
Yeah.
if you do n't go for a lunch out.
That's right.
Erm cheese.
Yeah well of course it's bureaucracy going barmy is n't it?
Really.
Another one of what?
Oh.
I mean the next thing they'd want to do is to come in and do in this kitchen before you do any cooking for yourself.
I mean who knows, this soup may be erm.
contaminated.
Lucy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
as far as I know, mm this is nice soup again.
Mm.
That's right.
No no, mm I have a word here belittle beginning with a D third letter from the end is an A, so I put depreciate.
but the third letter has got to be an S, as it turns out now the third letter's got to be an S.
so, so it's wrong.
Yeah I know.
Well that's the same as denigrate I mean that's erm.
What I had was the sa same sort of.
What's, what's that poker stake?
Poker stake, a stake in a game of poker, it's got a special name, four letter word.
I do n't, but erm Wonder where, wonder where the word penthouse came from?
Oh no, no.
Pentonville.
They're just an expensive flat and of course the answer's penthouse.
That Holly the other day was saying where do the names of the weeks come from.
Some of those have got an origin I think Thursday is it's, it's got a thought is n't it, yeah?
Mm.
Aha.
He just does n't think you see because he.
No.
I suppose that could be a good argument for having married women priests.
Let's get this out of the way.
Oh the chocolate.
Who, Wally?
Les.
mm, mm.
So in other words it was an unilateral decision.
Well I mean we can always unmake it presumably cos next week it will be, it'll be different time I expect wo n't it?
A natter about ten I'd expect wo n't it next week?
yeah.
Oh.
Mm, mm.
Mm, mm.
No.
Poker stake is ante A N T E.
Mm.
Well, mm.
well that's not that's anti A N T I that means erm.
Before a race?
It's like ante natal, before.
before the birth before the, before the race.
South African captain was thrilled with the way his men overcame the odds to beat Australia, Worsel Lane, Vessel's the main man of the match after leading his side home.
with an unbeaten eighty one said it means a lot to me to win here against this team.
Australia made a good start and we were a bit behind the eighth ball after.
Alan Ball admitted his men had it all to do after his men crashed to South Africa, the Australian wicket went for a duck as a defending champion slumped said we are going to have to do it the hard way now, we just did n't play very, we did n't get it together against New Zealand in the first match and today we were never in the picture, our brothers never really had a chance of any attempt of a hundred and seventy, but full credit to South Africa they are a rate, a better to side.
South Africa made a stunning with a nine wicket, nine wicket triumph.
yeah.
Good gracious me.
look at that a hundred and seventy one for one.
after about forty six overs oh er, that, oh dear, fancy that Australia do n't even get into the semi finals.
That's right they are, well England, England next, but even so you see that's erm, that's in, that's incredible.
Of course if anything happened to us tomorrow or tonight because we play West Indies tonight.
still at least we've won one game.
What?
I think perhaps I'll just have a little bit of water I'm very thirsty, I know I have n't.
That's right.
Oh they are yes, for tomorrow or tonight.
but erm.
Cranks at Dartington.
Yes, that's why I called you in for.
Cranks at Dartington is going, they're going to keep it open while they try and find a buyer for it.
er, mm the Cranks who have got six other outlets, erm have gone into, what do they call it, miners, administrative liquidation.
erm apparently have expanded.
vastly into the wholesale business and erm, so.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Good morning.
Yes thanks.
That's right, yeah.
It is breezy yes it's surprising how breezy it is.
Lovely, okay thanks a lot.
Thank you bye.
Fifty for one, Botham was out for eight.
Yeah bit of a shame innit?
Yeah.
Yes.
Smith is now in, he has n't scored yet, fifty for one off thirteen overs.
so providing they just play it steadily they should be alright, there's a lot of discrimination over the Australian defeat in the paper, they reckon that if erm.
They reckon that if erm Australia lose another match it could mean that they wo n't even make the semi finals and erm they reckon like that, that channel nine that's supposed to be backing all this.
well they think they'll pull the plug on it.
and show re-runs of Neighbours instead, now can you think can you imagine anything worse than that?
Oh dear, I thought that was funny yes cos there's been so much.
in Australia, you know, I mean it was really a competition.
just to show that Australia was gon na be champions again you know.
Australia play India next then they play England, that'll be a match and a half I think.
oh yes, yes.
No I, well I'm gon na, yeah okay, but I mean she, well you're gon na be, you'll get up in a moment now wo n't you?
Right, mm.
Yes, I was.
Perhaps he was going too easily you see, not playing his natural game, I mean it's, you never know do you?
Yeah, yes.
Right.
Yeah.
Mm, mm.
Yeah, mm, now do you want to come up the town?
Because I shall be going up the town.
It'll be finished in half an hour, yes.
Oh right.
it'll help, okay.
Yeah.
Oh, er, I, I have to plead my ignorance I do n't even know who Steve Martin is.
Well how can we help today?
Did you?
Good so let's see what you did, who did you go to the pictures with?
Emma?
So where did you go from here?
Where it starts in the pen mm what was it?
Right right, so let us see what we can do shall we?
Erm where do we start?
there yeah,.
E two, now you've got to work out the average speed, right try and think roughly what the answer would be, because if you thought of that, then you would know that's a silly answer, cos look, how far is the journey?
Right, well say, a nice, you know just to the nearest, to the nearest erm whole number.
Right.
A hundred and twenty seven, what's that to the nearest hour?
Right, so if it goes say a hundred and twenty six miles or a hundred and twenty miles, to the nearest ten miles, it goes a hundred and twenty miles in two hours how far would it go in one hour?
Right, sixty so that ca n't be right can it?
Right, so how are you gon na find the average speed, what do you do to find that average speed?
You divide what by what?
Right, but, what are you gon na divide that by on a calculator?
No, this is the whole thing is n't it?
Do n't you remember look if there were a hundred minutes in an hour that would be two point one two, but there's not a hundred minutes in an hour are there?
How many minutes are there in an hour?
Right, now look, it says there, so what's twelve minutes?
Right, so what are you gon na divide that by to get the average speed?
No.
what's the time?
Right, how do you write that as a decimal of an hour?
What's two hours, twelve minutes?
Look you've got two hours and you've got twelve minutes, now what fraction of an hour is twelve minutes?
No, what, twelve minutes is what fraction of an hour?
Right, so that equals the minutes is point two, how many hours?
So two hours, twelve minutes is two point two.
hours.
Right, so to find the average speed what you gon na do?
Right, but and what that by.
divide, come on say again.
That by, by what?
Right.
That's right right, well what about the next one?
Well how many minutes is it?
Where does fifty eight come?
Does it?
Right, there, so what are you gon na divide it by?
That's nought point eight, nought point nine, nought point nine five, nought point nine.
six and that's half way to it so that's nought point nine, six, five.
Look, nought point nine, six, five and so you're gon na divide.
you're gon na divide fifty point five by.
Right right now D.
That's right.
Right right, now, the next one.
So what is it?
Right, two hours, thirty nine, right.
Right.
Right.
Erm.
Yes you can do.
It's just afternoon, what time is noon?
So that is just eighteen minutes after noon, so how long is it from nine, ten in the morning until, until eighteen minutes past twelve o'clock in midday?
So how long is it.
Right so Switzerland is three hours and eight minutes is n't it?
And you had two hours, fifty two minutes, right, so which is the next one, this one?
Now that's five, ten P M to eleven thirty eight P M, well what's five ten, to eleven ten?
Six hours.
and eighteen minutes, er wait a moment six hours and what?
Ten, thirty eight.
Right, so that is six hours and twenty eight minutes is n't it?
Right, now what's the next one?
Two fourteen to ten twenty, er this again is easier because what would be two fourteen to ten fourteen?
Eight hours, so fourteen to twenty would be how many?
Right, so it's eight hours six minutes now the next one.
two fifty to ten twenty nine, well, come back to the same sort of time, the hour just before that, say two fifty to nine fifty, what would two fifty to nine fifty be?
Right, now you've got to go from fifty to twenty nine.
so fifty to an hour would be.
Right thirty nine minutes, so it's.
No seven hours is n't it?
Two to nine, seven hours and thirty nine minutes is n't it?
Right, now this next one ten A M to two thirty seven P M, well what's ten o'clock?
Four hours and?
Right and I think the next one you got right, because you worked it out alright, cos it's seven days, which is how many hours?
That's right, which is?
Well it's a hundred and sixty eight, seven times twenty four, but then you've got five hours to add onto it which makes it a hundred and seventy three, right, so now work out your average speeds.
Have you got the second one, did n't you get the second one, oh you got that one wrong?
Right, so yes, do that one this is what this is Dublin to Cork?
Dublin to Cork, it's two hundred and sixty six.
What did you divide by?
What?
What's two point five hours?
Well what's point five of an hour?
What, what fraction is point five?
Point five something, what fraction is that?
Yeah point five.
Right, what's half an hour?
Right, so two point five is two hours, thirty minutes, but it's not two hours, thirty minutes, it's two hours.
Right, so what have you got to do?
You've got to change the minutes to a decimal.
have n't you?
Right.
Right.
Right, now what's the next one?
Switzerland, right.
Right.
No.
Right.
but you're not gon na divide by nought, point, one, three are you?
Right now what I shall do before you go any further is divide that at the side here, what those and minutes are as decimals of an hour.
What was it erm six hours twenty eight minutes was it?
Yeah.
No, four, seven is n't it?
Right.
No, how long is it?
Is it twenty seven?
Which one we dealing with?
Right, no it's not, look, it's ten o'clock to two thirty seven, what's that?
How many minutes?
Right, so it's four hours, thirty seven minutes is n't it?
We want thirty seven.
Right.
Right.
Eighty, you're not far out, but it's just erm.
Madrid to Barcelona.
six, eight, seven.
Right just do n't do it again.
Is this the seven hours, thirty nine minutes?
Seven hours.
thirty nine minutes.
five.
Right, start again, eight hundred and, no it were doing.
Right, so West Germany.
Right.
Right right, what you did n't do almost all the time was to change those minutes to decimals of an hour was n't it?
So you must remember that whenever you're dealing with speed or anything to do with hours and minutes you've got to change your minutes to the decimals of an hour before you can use your calculator.
Now, just let's have a little help here, because you wo n't have this graph with you all the time will you?
Right, so, how can you find out what forty minutes is?
No, what decimal fraction of an hour is forty minutes?
How can you find out, you can use your calculator.
No, what's, what's a quarter of an hour?
Right, so three quarters of an hour is?
Forty five minutes if you've got forty five minutes, what's, what's the fraction of an hour?
Right, it's forty five over sixty, you want to change that into a decimal, what do you do?
No, how do you change any fraction into a decimal, now this is something you must.
No, no, no, no you've got fractions here look, erm now how do you change all those fractions into decimal fractions, what do you do?
But how did you do it?
You knew that, but how do you do it?
How do you do it on a calculator?
What does that really mean one over two, how else could you write one over two?
How else could you write it?
Yes, but I do n't mean that, erm, could you, would you write it as one plus two or one minus two or one multiplied by two or one divided by two.
One multiplied by two?
Two ones are two?
Does a half equal two?
So what does that, you know this, which of those four rules do you do for that?
What's one plus two?
What's one minus two?
one, minus two?
One, minus two.
Minus, one, come down two, come down one you get to nought, come down another one.
so one minus one, one minus two is?
Is minus one, what's one times two?
What's one divided by two?
If you've got one apple and you divide it.
Right, one divided by two is a half, so which of those answers is that one?
Right, so what does one, how else can you write one over two?
One divided by two, right, remember that, so how can I write that?
By?
Right, do that on your calculator.
Right, so that equals nought point seven five, what's a half?
Do it on the calculator.
Right what's three quarters divided er as a decimal?
Right, so how do you change a fraction into a decimal?
You divide the top number by the bottom number, so, supposing you've got fifty seven minutes and you want to change that into a decimal of an hour, what fraction of an hour is it?
What's fifty seven minutes as a deci as a fraction of an hour?
That's forty five minutes.
Right, so how do you change that into a decimal?
Right, nought, point, nine, five, so now you can see how easily you can change your minutes into a decimal at any time, right, now, let's look at some of these, this is four hours and thirty.
seven minutes, so it's four hours, four hours and thirty seven minutes, so what fraction is that of an hour?
Thirty seven minutes?
Thirty seven minutes?
Right thirty seven over sixty, what's thirty seven over sixty?
Cos the ans that is four and thirty seven sixtieths.
so what's thirty seven sixtieths as a decimal?
Right, so what's four hours, thirty seven minutes?
Point six.
Well six.
to the nearest two decimal places what's that gon na be?
Nought, point, six.
to do decimal places?
Right, because that's bigger than five is n't it?
So it's nought, point, six, two, so for our thirty seven minutes it's, four point six, two, there we are look, but the thing is you can now do it without having to look at a scale.
Right?
So do this one what is this?
Eight hours and four minutes.
So, so what's that gon na be, eight hours and four minutes?
It's, it's eight hours.
so it's gon na be eight not nought is n't it?
It's gon na be eight point.
Nought what?
Nought one, what's that?
Nought, six, six, so it's gon na be to two decimal places it's gon na be.
Right, so it's gon na be eight point.
eighty point, nought, seven right.
So you now know how you can change your minutes to decimals.
Right, now you may have to do that on this next one.
I can see that.
I know he does Have you heard from your brother?
How is he?
Does he and the snow good?
And has he been up to the top of the.
oh I see so what's today Thursday, he's only got today and tomorrow left has n't he for skiing.
That's right.
Do you?
Have you been there?
Has he?
Right so it shows a Silverstone motor racing circuit.
Right, so what's the first.
Right Copse Corner what would you expect to find at Copse Corner?
And what's a copse?
That's what I wanted to find out.
You do n't know what copse is?
A copse is a smallish group of trees.
Well there would be, yes, I would imagine or if they certainly would, they would of been in the past, they may have been cut down, but that would indicate to me that there were probably trees.
at that corner, a group of trees.
Copse Corner, copse er, is, is a name which we give to a small wood, a small group of trees is a copse, in India that can be called a shola, S H O L A.
and at one stage when I was walking in India we used to stay at bungalows and one was called Marian Shola and another was called Pine Shola, because it meant that it was a, it was a bungalow in a group of pine trees.
but copse is a small group of trees, right, so, the next one B.
Chapel kerb.
I should think almost certainly there was a chapel at that point.
Oh they do indeed, yes.
That's right.
I would n't know that one.
I hate to think what was in that corner too.
Oh dear, right.
You have a magic pencil.
mm.
To Copse.
Yes, now remember that, what that means, west to east is in fact going eastwards.
Where would it be travelling roughly southwards?
Which is southwards?
Right, so where would the car be travelling in a southward direction?
Right, so how would you describe that stretch, it's going from.
right.
Right, so where would it be going, roughly going.
Northwards.
So where would that be from?
There to?
Right.
Ah.
That's the ninth of April.
That looks alright.
What time?
Did you?
Well it happens does n't it?
I mean.

Oh, nice to see you.
Okay.
Bye bye.
Well they're a hundred and forty six now.
Oh I hope Hicks gets his fifty.
He's got forty six now.
Yeah.
Gooch was stumped.
Yeah.
Well shall we have a cup of coffee before we go out?
Shall we have a cup of coffee before we go out?
Oh yes that's true, yes, I'll put the kettle on.
Yeah.
It's thirty eight overs so I mean they've got another twelve overs yet.
Ten runs oh no less than that, ten runs now.
Well twelve I think, hundred and forty six they've got now.
They're just obviously between overs at the moment, it's just finished an over and they've got the bowler up.
Hundred and fifty, Dick Hicks got his fifty.
Yeah.
She had to go back for something.
No no she'd erm she'd been in, hundred and fifty three, Hick again.
Yeah.
Well he wo n't be er he, he wo n't, he wo n't have strike now, Fairbrother will have strike.
Cos he's obviously just got a three.
Oh he's got one yes.
Mm.
Hundred and fifty six.
Mm.
Yes it was, Fairbrother's got the nine you see, look.
Yeah but he had seven.
No.
No.
Something's come up which should n't have done.
Oh it will change again as soon as it goes round to the, to the three four one again er y you do n't see it changing it but.
Yeah mm.
Oh dear.
Probably trying to, probably trying to hit a six out of the ground.
Yeah.
Just trying to hit a six.
That's right.
Yeah.
Have we got a p is there a piece of cake left?
Is there a piece of cake left?
I said is there a p no it's alright, a biscuit will do fine.
I just said was there a piece of cake left.
Presumably I did.
Yes I think I did, yeah.
The what?
Oh yes I put them in the freezer, yes, yes.
I was trying to think of rubbish that I'd taken out.
Do you want a bit of cake?
You're not gon na have a piece of this?
Thanks.
Oh they're taking a long time to get these last two runs are n't they?
Mm.
Oh gracious.
Oh yes.
Well we've eleven overs to spare, I mean that's erm.
Six wicket victory, the West Indies batting self destructed after the loss of two early wickets and only at fifty four and scores.
They were all out for just a hundred and fifty seven and the outcome was never in doubt after Graham Gooch and Ian Botham an opening stand of fifty in reply.
Gooch made sixty five, Graham Hicks boost boosted his confidence with his second international fifty and England reached their target with ten overs to spare.
Well I think they w they were something on three four two I think.
Now that was ma that will be in the score card of course, three four two.
England bowling West Indies course for their second cup victory on their back caught by snaring in his opening.
caught Botham bowled Botham.
Mm.
Oh.
It went er on its own accord er now what number were we on?
Three four two.
So I'll go to three four three because I think there's something else on, someone else result.
picked up their first points with a fifty three one o w win over Zimbabwe.
Pakistan.
He was docked four times on his way to reaching his first one day century.
Oh, so Pakistan.
beat Zimbabwe.
Mm.
Now what was that about Food and Drink you wanted to see?
Oh.
Yes I think you did did n't you?
No.
Well it wo n't be on the national news I do n't suppose cos it comes under sports.
thing mm.
Well I've got one of France but I'm not sure what scale it is.
I do n't th.
Yes it would.
Erm erm.
now you see this is three inches to the mile and this is this is one to no that's not one to a million, that's ridiculous that is.
Erm have to work it out all the time, this is erm this is one to two hundred and fifty thousand.
Erm.
Yes this one is, look this one is erm that's ten kilometres is eight miles is n't it?
So that's eight miles, that's, so that's, this is about four miles to the inch, this one I should think.
So it's not bad you see, so I mean I've got that one of France which is.
more or less the s.
Well I've got to go to the building society and I've got to go to.
the bank.
Erm.
I'll go down and get the car out.
It's really quite warm now out sort of out of the wind.
Yeah.
Yeah that tub of daffs is really erm looking good is n't it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, both out, yeah.
So we just wan na go and park somewhere do n't we really?
I think there is one in the box, yes.
Have you not?
No.
Mm Oh the moor is visible again.
Has she?
For hair.
Yeah.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yes well I hope we get the opportunity.
Gosh that car looks a bit rusty does n't it?
That's a Fiat of course you see.
It's like Richard's old car, you remember that, Fiat?
Yeah that's right.
Oh no he's coming off on, off the lorry so that's no good.
There's nowhere up there is there?
No she's just got in.
Yeah.
Well we will just hope for the best, he's not going up there so that's one less.
Yes I did too.
Oh yes.
Great.
Mind the disabled person just coming past you here, that's it.
Good, right, so I will do what I've got to do, you will do what you've got to do.
You got a bag there?
Oh.
Yes.
Well it's probably stronger than that one, still.
Erm.
stay here now.

Yes.
Cos the other thing I was gon na do was to go into Lloyds, I must do that some time about this interest on that account cos I reckon it's very low.
and I still have n't, I keep on forgetting that.
Yeah.
Yes.
Another space, no, that's right.
Yes.
and then I'll go down to Devon Travel to pick up that er.
so I'll see you back at the car.
I've got a funny hat on, ah that's fair enough is n't it?
Some people like it.
That's right.
It needs to.
Good morning Tony, erm, you said come in.
Nothing else has come.
No.
Oh.
Incredible is n't it?
Ten ten, can.
Ten down thus it's safe to take it in.

pushed pushing?
Well it do is n't necessarily an anagram is it?
Ah yeah I mean, oh I see what you mean, there, mm.
No.
Right.
Mm that's right.
Step on newsman as tyre is.
I had treaded in but you ca n't have treaded, still, oh a tyre is treaded is n't it?
Step on newsman as tyre is treaded?
Cos i.
step, tread.
eded, editor, E D.
See what I mean?
I mean I.
Firstly doctor or surgeon every day gave treatment.
That one.
So if that's a T then that's gon na be.
to it's barely credible hard to hard to, can you get out of that?
H A R D.
T, oh yes you have, you've got two, you've got th two I's G and an I.
Yeah because look er er gin I dream and you've got an I in gin and you've got the I.
Hard to, and it's going to be.
Well you've got a.
You've got a G and N and M and I and E and an A er to follow that I.
Hard to imagine.
I would n't have thought that was easy to do?
Gracious me.
One across Shoved roughly got the money illicitly.
Mm got the money illicitly?
I mean.
Hero worshipper, list old boy.
Do you know that one, the music about a bird?
Oh, well air is about a bird I suppose but not what I had in mind.
Well five down is bad ideas, question mark, a very, exclamation mark.
Glowing players in court.
Glowing players in court.
No idea Got the money illicitly.
Oh yes!
Very good.
Very good.
So you think that's delusion?
Oh yes.
E M U.
Fury at a.
outrage So twenty five over after one two poles drink here must be inn of course.
I one, N N, two poles.
So four down firstly doctor or surgeon every day gave treatment.
Well, we're not having this.
Illness?
The cool rips open the side, coo rips open the side.
Coo rips.
Well it ca n't be it has n't got two E's look.
Oh no that's thirty five always set out in Nepal.
Always set out in Nepal, it must there's two E's.
Ever.
Everest.
Ever E S T yes Everest.
So twenty seven down hard sailors fear it.
Hard hard.
sailors fear it in the main.
Yeah.
Iceberg.
Ambling?
Right, forty over provided the outcome provided What's thirty six down?
I'd I'd set off watery moves it must be I'd set.
Yeah, very good.
Thirty six so that must be G E D must n't it?
Provided the outcome.
Well forty down is proclaim point noun on English church.
Proclaim.
I thought of weather vane but of course it does n't fit in so that's out.
The point on an English church, well nou no it's a noun on an English church, yeah it is. provided the outcome.
Well it's north or south.
Or east or west.
Oh right well what's thirty over?
Same again ditto I should think.
It's boring dancing outside.
Well I think that's S, I mean I think that's encores, I mean er calls for repeat performances?
A dish well that's this one here look, erm, where have I got it?
I've got it down somewhere here, R blank, here it is look.
it's R blank R and you've got A R E T B.
Rarebit good I thought the chef might get that one.
Rarebit.
Nineteen down we have the T, it's boring dancing outside.
It's boring.
it's boring it's boring dancing outside.
B O U S wo n't it I should think.
Oh tiptoes, it's boring.
In Scotland.
Tweed?
Do n't see what it's got to do with a flower.
yes weed.
material flower.
I mean I do n't know but tedious.
It's boring dancing outside T E D.
Yeah I do n't see why the dancing outside.
Yes look O U T S I D E.
Yeah.
So that's another U.
A social group with plenty of bread.
Oh very good I like it.
Yes, upper crust.
Oh dear so we've got the two.
we've got the two U's and we've got the C and the I, yes.
Upper crust.
Oh dear, right.
Twenty four over well if that's gon na be an E, that, that ten down is thus it's safe to take it in thus it's safe eatable?
Well.
if you say what's so.
Edible.
Yes it is is n't it?
That wo n't do, no, jack's pitch tar er so, right, so that's not wrong.
No.
Blank T blank B blank E.
Oh dear, thus it's safe to take it in.
Mhm.
Well well I suppose we could do the card could n't we?
I've got two letters to post anyway for Jeremy.
Yes erm yeah I mean erm I, I've transferred a a hundred and fifty pounds to him.
So if he phones up I can say, you know it's on its way as it were.
So who's this is it?
And it's?
Well they do n't put it there do they?
Erm Right, I'll put the stamp on it and go and post.
Mm.
Do you think that could be stew pot?
Wet post cut up for the cook and it's an anagram of wet post?
Mm.
Hello Steve.
Oh.
It came off on the playing field and so there was no way I could find the little screw.
Is it alright?
Shall I leave it?
Oh thanks ever so much Steve, that's great.
You're standing up, I mean that's not good for you standing up eating a meal you know.
What?
Lovely thank you very much indeed.
No I've got my other pair that I wear, you know.
Right.
Bye.
You've heard from Gavin I hear?
Yeah.
Mm.
He's growing up is n't he?
Bye.
Oh they've heard from Gav well she phoned Gavin yesterday apparently and he seems to be having a whale of a time.
He's not homesick.
Not really.
So how did you go, have you got some more?
Patterned?
Oh yes very good.
Rye.

Forty eight down held in high esteem held in high esteem held in high esteem.
Yes, where's that?
The Nelson touch important if you fight like this.
Held in high esteem.
That fifty seven is seep strangely and quietly in, quietly inside for furtive glimpses now it's quietly P is n't it?
So seeps strangely peeps peeps.
Quietly inside.
So that's a P, which.
