
What time will we go to Eve's tomorrow?
If we left.
We're walking we're walking up it, at.
Yeah.
I did n't hear any, did you hear any weather on the news?
oh yeah I will hear it tonight.
yeah yes I wondered if David would be on bus, I saw Wendy having a he worked later today because he's got so much done on front of the er that weather he could n't er, do any decorating outside still we never got nobbled down street providing the er canvassers.
Yeah.
He said there were three er, down there canvassing for the main parties and er, well quite a lot of people there and of course rich pickings for, providing they can get anybody to stop and talk to them do n't know, they'd drive around.
well, er in a, in a sense it, it's, it, it been known since.
they're talking none about the, the economy and turn up before the end of the year, this, the, the, they've been hanging on and on and on, and er slagging one another off all the time.
they've.
but er.
well both the Liberal Democrats put a candidate up anyway.
Well they did n't do.
They left it a bit late did n't they.
really?
Maybe they had problems getting it.
Well she's er, I do n't know whether she still teaches, she did teach at Corby.
well if she still does it did n't make it clear, and she lives at Knilton.
Well it's near.
I've, I've never been there, I mean years back when we went cricket in the football one, we, we went to.
playing football, but in those days Corby steel works.
And you're only, still a village.
yeah, but it's a, a fair size down, but er Middleton I've never been there, I do n't know where it is, but it must be near Corby that worth finding on the er map.
We can find it on the map.
To tell you the truth I've never heard of it.
I just think that, there were n't many small villages in Northamptonshire that er well I did n't hear of, if, you know, I did n't know of, even if I had n't visited them, but erm.
Pardon?
Did she what?
No telling, how she's got to, we all obviously she has to.
Yeah, no, no.
makes several.
unless we get a usual three inches of wet snow and that'll stop everything, you never know do you?
There's one thing a man.
Pardon?
But there's one thing you've got to.
I've said to many years now about English weather in a sense it's, it, it, it's got a something of endearing quality, you do n't like going through the bad weather, but the fact is that we do get generally good weather.
at times.
well there's so many areas in the world where they get lots and lots of er.
Well you know what it's going to be like, it's sort of a set piece each, each season.
but er, you ca n't say that er the British are.
Oh yeah.
It were March, February too were n't it?
Yeah, fantastic.
you know I remember ever so clearly, when I worked down the Totexas, Dentons.
all those years back, in the late fifties were it?
I was down there in the late fifties.
and I remember one particular February, it will always stand out in my mind because er, it's a fairly long walk done to the factory from, from here and every day after the midday meal, when I set out to walk down there as quick as I could it had been cloudy since, it was raining, every day without fail I used to get to work soaked, first.
Yeah.
well.
you see, first in.
when I got there, several times he used to scruffle into the er packing room and come out with those two, three of those well a couple of those large sheets of brown paper that they pack, yeah, pack the few boxes in.
and I'm not used to that, shove them up.
shove them up their trousers and pull the trousers up, expose the leg and wrap round paper around and that was a amazing.
and it dried the trousers out, and dried the leg and, it were lovely and cosy after.
half an hour or so.
Aye it did, but.
it were a, it were a efficient way of er getting dry mm and the next day there would of.
this evening.
I wondered if David had got this evening to catch a bottle of wine.
could be the two of them they just, when er, when Lee set out on a Saturday evening with er Kevin and they often sit there and er have a, er a bit of a snack, supper, light supper and er.
Yeah, but a lot of the time.
have a main meal waiting probably, have a lighter snack later on, have a glass of wine with it.
Derby and Joans pair.
how old is Wendy?
Is she older than David?
Is she?
Ooh I did n't realize that so Dave's forty one?
forty one in May?
And Wendy's er.
Ah, oh I did n't realize she was.
at least she's older, but er not to that extent.
Well she's made David a good wife actually.
Told me, she actually told me once that she considered herself lucky to er, have met David, I reckon she did because er, she, she was divorced then and er of course, did n't she have a son?
Yeah I was surprised that er Kathleen is it, when Kathleen told us down street about her, her son.
Yeah, or rather.
That's right yeah, for a little bit, I was on about the reference to er Embassy Service though.
Oh yes I remember him, yeah, they were a bit concerned, well I would have been, and then.
lucky with their.
I was gon na say.
jolly lucky whether they er, whether they all turn up on Friday to er, have a word with Eileen I do n't know.
Does Steve know?
Oh was she so.
Oh did you?
Oh, thank god for that Michael knows, Michael's manager he knows, did you tell him?
Brian knows.
come here.
Well we'll pop down, oh we ca n't pop down tomorrow unless we go before, get in the morning, before we go to work across to Steve's, if it's fine it'll be a good walk over there.
so, we take.
we'll take, we will take that she ought to go.
well we know I shall go through the fields, but we can still take the short er cut through the estate up Bedford Road, by the cemetery.
I well, you can go through the cemetery, yes, you can go through there.
and then you go.
you go in at the top of.
top of the road, what road's that running off from er High Street, South.
ca n't remember.
You, you put down that you.
escape there and.
and that's the best way, it'll er, oh you'll save ten minutes easy, it's a fair walk it, on the main road.
Oh no, it wo n't be a.
it's just.
no I'm afraid there'll be no footpath there, in fact, it hurts me a bit that because they're cutting straight, they're cutting along in line with that pub public.
footpath.
it's nothing wrong with.
No, they're not as sensible as they are you remember in Prestley when we went there so what er, perhaps, especially for solid places, solid with the roads in Germany.
I mean it, it's incredible in.
we, we went to, we travelled about a bit while we were there went into Holland and er came via through Belgium and Holland just to get there, and look how tidy.
the towns were.
Oh.
she probably failed to er look.
course that's, that's the beauty of er biking it up the hill, that's some, there's so much scope for not being on the road, you've got special baths for someone.
the only one I want to know in this area is a, you can.
that's it.
they did that for the school children.
yeah and that's the only one I know of it's incredible to me either.
No it could do in a moment or two though it er, it looks a bit ominous, you rub one or two er doubts, they are similar colour to these actually.
Yes oh this Ellerdor is er playing around a bit now.
but it's not as spectacular, not a very spectacular sight is it?
Ellerdor.
I'd never even noticed the one next door, but the herb must have come from that.
Yeah.
Oh when you, when they've flown.
she's.
cos er she said she's only got one she'd like another, and.
that we've got two, she should have this, smaller one down here.
I'll dig it out for her.
What time we taking.
Mm, you've.
You've got some er, have much have you got upstairs to change?
You've got er nine upstairs to change have n't you?
These tomatoes are a bit hard, did you know?
The tomatoes you bought down the market.
They're a little bit hard.
It looks more.
if they were firmer than these.
well these, these are, there, I mean in, they, they'll are.
without er, the other fruit.
Oh they're alright though.
I saw some nice Cox's orange on the market two pounds for a pound.
well these looked er really nice and ripe.
If I worked magic, things that were tragic, would have no place beneath my waving wand.
With great magicians I'll sit and converse, the whole universe would seem like a little pond, deer would swim by and as it swam by, ravage by war neglect and in great pain, I'll take it out just to wipe its poor face clean and then quietly put it back again, if I worked magic, magic.
Yeah, what do you think to it?
What have I, well I have n't to, I've got to fit the erm cord symbols, you know, get the sequence of cords, I've written it down you see.
I, yes that's why I arrive, piano er score for it, and er it's a sort of fairy tale lyric you know, I've.
A bit changeable but er.
it's not a bad melody, I thought I'd get it down, and record it.
But if Lisa er would be plain and have a chat, put your.
Yeah, have a word with her and perhaps she'll like to listen to that to the er words sort of that, and then make her own comments, it's nice to get the opinions you know, the, the many of the family as you can.
and er, it helps me to, it's only a hobby, you know, but er, it's one that I've had for donkey years, I want to er keep going with it as long as I can.
That's true.
Well I know.
but I mean I, I expect it's true, everybody does well even those who er, well people who turn now, they must have, voices I'm told about work and they could er.
write lyrics and er.
music.
oh you were telling me, you used to.
Oh Dave, yeah, have you heard from Dave, you used to make.
He did it on the guitar and you were simply found a few words and.
it was a long time ago but as I recall they were n't too bad, to even, if you'd have stuck at it, you'd have got better, it's the same with every job you get better at.
if you tackle it, even go out there, or wine making come to that.
Even painting and decorating Dave as you say.
no, no, why you not going to that anyway because er.
How long were you there?
I think it must have rained in Erchester not here though.
No I do n't record.
like er.
we did have a bit.
but er, you got more, you, of course you were nearer the river.
It's time we could do with it.
Ha, about twenty inches we need, is it two months?
Oh, we'd go down.
, just see them all paddling in the.
Yeah, yeah.
it's strange, because er last month and the month I would n't associate with rain and that November with distant fog, fallen leaves and.
just to.
It'll do a lot of good I mean I've put both plants out during the week, they were fairly dry then, but now if you'd see that, that, they've taken already.
Yes, this is what I mean.
Tell when you got ta have knowing.
usually down the front there, somewhere.
No, I have not.
Oh, what a minute, what?
I, well I the erm, what er, herbs up underneath the apple tree.
the herbs under the apple tree, what are they?
The herbs under the apple tree, what are they?
Chives.
sorry.
Yeah,.
No, he wants some.
As for a recipe, you pick these recipes up and that's a stupid blooming herb.
Good old.
Did you see the name of.
That's unusual for the Observer.
Yes.
Here you get.
Well, a lot of old folk er, I do n't think they're much bothered what they say, they know the name of the candidates and they seemed to.
Oh I think.
getting in this er, seat it er.
five, probably less.
There's no doubt who the majority will go well most of it.
But I do n't like the way he'd er, all this, all about er how you'll be annually taxed under Labour because the truth is that even under the Conservatives, all the years they've been in, and all the years they've been reducing tax, taxes from time to time, indirect taxation increased.
Yeah, taxation now if anything is harder than it was in seventy nine.
they should n't talk.
I, I, I'd would teach them to stand up and tell them the truth, there do n't appear to be too many of them about these days.
Well do you think this really impress er Lisa?
Oh yes well you can perhaps do it tomorrow.
do it a good turn if you could er.
Do they stay in on er, Sundays do they all.
Steve, you see, they often get.
See he'll watch it and all.
Yeah.
Well Southampton er can pull er.
Pardon?
No.
Well they're.
I expect.
Well it, the way they started off in that cup final, last year.
they're a danger to life are n't they?
I've had him off with that first foul in the first minute, that he committed, ridiculous.
Not yesterday?
down again.
get wound up.
Pity you know.
Yeah.
he probably looked into the future a bit and decided that er.
well it cost them a hundred thousand to do it, but, I mean he's never been able to afford the.
yeah and he's deciding that Adam and he's deciding that Adam were n't worth it and.
went for it, but.
Why they all have such a large ground.
I remember going there.
after the war and there.
and they had a record gate.
near a ten, near the ground size of Kettering's.
there's.
ground, it's a shame because.
no point for promotion and were n't allowed to go off, cos of the state of the ground.
That's right.
How did they get on yesterday?
Well somebody said they're at Grantham.
Well check it on the er back page inside.
they were n't in the ordinary fixed roll.
re-arranged.
you see I met an old work mate of mine he said they were at Grantham.
Well they're on the.
though, were n't he?
Do you want a biscuit Gem?
er, I'll leave them on there.
David's been up.
yeah.
Check on the football results and that.
She said, she said four times yesterday.
Does she perhaps get with a, a.
been in the garden last week, about.
They inject it in into animals.
and er, and satisfactory results.
and of course there's, there's a lot of the testing.
yet before they can er decide to, inject into you.
but they think that they could er be on the way to er actually making a.
cure.
yeah.
Yeah.
They say a cause.
They can look for something.
Well it would several of us have rheumatoid arthritis.
I'll never, never.
on.
went back to my unit during the war.
I, I helped a young girl get an old lady onto the er train.
and I, I, probably only a youngster then, well I was about twenty six or seven, but er, I shall never forget her fingers were like claws she could n't move them they'd sort of set.
clenched.
Yeah I know.
Well this old lady well she was.
terrible she was.
helpless.
Well how's he getting on?
Well I knew he was going in, he told her.
How long they keep him in do you know?
sshh.
No he told me, he actually told me, they had n't got a bed for him, they had n't got a bed for him, so they looked after his own, the bungalow.
does she?
yeah she's bedridden, she ca n't get out.
you know.
as well.
Yeah.
umping disgraceful.
Yeah.
we knew Chris by error, but he's got a.
but he do n't make any.
no he did n't.
yeah that's old er.
I'm not old.
you, you speaking for yourself, now you know.
Well, oh, me eighty two years.
and you just speak for yourself.
imagine her when I'm eighty how I'll feel.

Gemma's got a long way to go before she gets to eighty.
Oh, did n't know they were coming.
You'd think she'd got.
A nice little red wine.
Bloody, Ruth left er, were they married?
She left him, has n't she?
They've erm.
But she came back.
Did n't he run a market stall?
Yeah.
It could be direct tax as well they may not, they'd may not have declared er.
He's probably earning you see, I mean.
with a lock up in store.
and a.
around, yeah you'll get round do you good and well in work.
What thirty quid market.
well he always seemed to me to be a bit of wise guy.
long, long conversation of.
er, he told me how.
Well he's got a lot of fishing equipment and I said you're a keen fisherman then, all walk in.
and mentioned it in passing, you know, and he said er, yes, he said er I've started.
would you like one?
I said well, of course I would.
how much do you want?
But I never got one.
I did n't expect one either so naturally I was n't disappointed.
well although he told me he'd er, he'd, well he'd had a reasonable catch he'd er, remember them, bring one up.
Yeah, it was nice were n't it?
But her.
fellow got two.
a sea fisherman in Erchester and.
what's his name?
was it, no it's Church is n't it?
the chap at er.
I think he's name's Church see I work with a, a young chap from Wellingborough, Graham and er, he and his brother in law always went round the reservoir, Ramsthorpe, Grantham.
Solhall.
Cheers Dave.
Well they're sparkling over.
Oh.
You could produce them.
or the bananas, scrub out er, quarter of an hour or so.
then strain the usual, and just use the juice.
use a chopper all the way.
it'll give you.
wine with a stronger body.
What about that dragon trap?
Oh.
It needs.
do n't it?
Would you like a biscuit too with your wine?
Make your mind up.
You'll be a rose in between two thorns there.
Oh you could.
Not much though is it?
Right, that's old.
Here are.
I will.
Roast potatoes?
Roast parsnip, do you want some roast potato?
Mash potato?
How much do you want?
oh dear.
will that do?
George, why, we'll swap over.
Er.
Do n't you want some coffee?
yes please er Sandra.
Yes, I've a had two roast parsnips it a.
I'm rather partial to parsnips I'm.
They're big enough are n't they?
Steve call it gravy, I call it.
I thought it was.
You call what?
Squircles?
I should think a squircle is an irregular circle is it not?
It's obviously.
I've had some thanks er Sandra yeah.
What do n't you know?
Are these the garden parsnips?
Very nice.
Well it's pretty quick yet.
You'll want to wait till the end of the month before I put mine in.
Well that's the foremost for August.
Mm.
What are you gon na put in with them?
Good idea rotation plot.
What now?
I ca n't play it.
I ca n't play Cluedo after all these roast potatoes.
Did you work it out or was it a guess?
Did you work it out or was it a guess?
Not too hot is it?
Oh they've got a couple of erm these.
down the market do n't they?
We went round it I often er.
No, David has though.
erm, one of the er chaps that come to work and he's always on Corby that's what David told us.
Oh a stall of mixed each you know?
I think he provides game as well,.
like parsnip.
You get six pound.
seven pound fifty, on these.
Oh yes, thirty.
Mm.
about sixty, yeah, because, say you pay out a quarter of the price from, you there.
Those are they.
You get, you get them in ten pound batch.
and you.
Mm, mm.
You can use them on.
Well er Fred and his wife went several times on them last year.
I do n't know how long you'll be in there, but I'll just go off now.
to er, old.
well I said well you mean.
are you?
No problem mate I'll walk now, are you sure he say?
I said yes, I've walked.
it were that nice well I tale it all the veggies were your own produce?
Oh.
So your spuds have lasted well have n't they?
Well I've got fourteen pounds.
Yeah I think I'll.
give those er beans you grew last year will grow this year Steve.
are n't they?
What is it.
Spanish?
Yeah it used to be.
When you going next Friday?
Which British museum they going to?
Oh.
Is.
Emily?
No, but they're very nice you can take it from me.
Wonder if pigeons.
Tends to shrink.
Roast potatoes were very nice.
Ah maybe when you can get out in the summer.
Yeah you will do, it's surprising.
Well we did n't see them this week, they told us that they would n't be along did n't they?
They told us they would n't come this week.
They were going Dunstable.
Yeah.
you ought?
They were lovely.
It's not far.
No Taunton ca n't be very far away.
How old's Graham?
Was n't it James who was.
Is.
That's alright.
Ha, yeah it is a good wine.
a ros, erm.
No.
What did they all the.
Julia were there?
What's he like, is he alright?
It would do.
Oh dear.
A lot of rivalry there then I suppose.
well there you are the boys.
teams, so.
What he do a smile that backed.
Two, none.
I was a bit worried yesterday it was.
I'd have banked for a draw actually.
I'll go out and got to do that.
The only thing that.
still qualified.
Ah yeah, I'll have the same as well similar to mum's please.
I think it's lovely.
Yes thanks Sandra.
Er, ta.
No it's mine.
Of all the fruit I've never bought before, a couple of weeks ago, now you know, a mango.
Oh, watch the match that's why we came in, put that on.
Were n't that.
I've a erm.
The best of cheese.
I've never had selection of Budgens.
Alright, we had fan on er Wednesday night.
Oh yes.
Er, no thanks.
Er, I'll have a piece of ham please.
Well I sha n't er Julia.
Now I've had none.
Do you want a tomato?
Anything else?
You've beheaded him.
poor old blighter.
Yes please, thank you.
Oh can I have a brown roll Steve please?
That's it.
Tell.
I'll erm.
What time does it come on?
Got a quarter of an hour what's the old lady's name do you know?
It must be very fine.
The storm's getting a bit promising now.
More like.
Mm.
What they gon na do with the old post office?
Oh I thought.
Oh I've seen it, but I have n't through, you know, been round front when we go to.
I passed up there and we go left.
Has he watered down the stock?
Could n't get any slower.
Who?
That's right, I thought there was one.
Oh,.
Have a cup of tea.
Does she ever drink tea?
Why?
I'll.
her.
What is it you do n't like about tea then?
I know er, who she takes after though what is.
it you do like?
Yeah, what drink?
To eat, to eat.
Ham.
rolls.
cheese.
I've never yet met a child who did n't like chips.
When you were younger you'd.
Oh yeah, on the camp.
but erm.
What?
Did n't see any.
There's some nice little, er German villages down and around the campers.
began the camp, there all around this er village and they took it into the er.
Oh yeah, the largest.
camp in Europe I should imagine.
There's one in America, Belgium, French, British,.
Dutch.
It reminds me of.
Yeah, think we will.
I'll be over.
for lunch.
They're bringing fish and chips, it's Tony's favourite meal.
and er mum I'll make erm.
Yeah.
I thought you'd got some on the weekend.
You said you was gon na.
Oh.
Yeah Tony's very partial to your mum's apple pie.
I'll buy for a cost of bottles of his favourite beer Grosche.
Tony likes it, he said it.
Mm.
it's a nice beer.
I do n't know.
I do n't know what the strength is.
I would buy a, er a four pack, so er Ton, Tony wanted to be.
Have you seen any magpies up top of the garden lately?
Your mum says we've got some.
Mm.
Say it again.
No I've never, never heard that before.
Pardon.
Thank you Sandra.
Hard work, you know, Tony knows a fair.
They spent time in Luxembourg, did you know?

I thought you wanted a.
What's er, do you want, do want put it on here?
Yeah, it's Julia.
it's Julia, I said to Julia.
I do a, well I suppose it's twenty eight days like everything else, that's what it is.
Where from?
Is that the one with the.
He wo n't set it out and call it a.
No.
No, no.
Oh I do n't know.
You know I ai n't had a look at them yet, I shall have to have a look.
Ah, but they are now, been that one we laid the.
I think I'll go and have a look this afternoon.
the female does as.
No they're a light.
a bit nasty as well, but they're just not big.
No.
Who's is this?
This afternoon we'll it says in the instruction, at the end of every third tape change the batteries, so er, we'll take them two out tomorrow.
and chuck them away.
That's what she said, she said you'll want a.
I think bloody batteries.
So er.
so er, talking for half hour.
and er I thought er, I've been playing about with the old ear for a song for a long time, but I ai n't worked the cords out.
so, well between the.
and er, I was saying to old.
and we had a conversation about it.
but, and er Dave would.
our conversation we had, we were talking.
and then in the afternoon you come up did n't you?
Yeah and then er I'm told he works.
there up there all day and.
so this is the third of it, so have you got plenty of.
Yeah I will do.
Well.
on that one.
But, I mean.
the ten tapes and.
and er, she said she need n't of left them, but er only the last batch you got, only if you get twenty tapes.
oh, right oh then, she said it's been done all over the country.
or whether she's covering Lancashire or.
They've just been.
Yeah.
If, should she come here at our house.
I mean, does she go and pick people at random?
However she wondered about our pensioners.
she just been over some house in Trafford Road and er, I think she left some, some by there by what she said or to who, who it were, but it must of been them who put them onto us, because she come in.
and she said er, I understand you write a lot of letters in the paper, I said well, I,.
so she asked us if we would like to do this.
seeing as we've got a big family, I thought well.
Get as many as I could possible.
Anyway, we'll all go down in posterity.
Do you want a tea ma?
Three years is no time.
He's had all his hair cut and he's shaved his tash off.
Yeah.
and he's shaved his tash off as well and he's always had that tash ever since I've been there, it was really funny.
My boss was telling me about some old boy right he had a beard for all his life yeah?
a really long beard right?
And one day he shave it off, it took his wife three hours to notice and it took his mum all day to notice.
Yeah he's always had it, always, and they never noticed.
mm.
Chew shut up.
That's enough Chewy.
Chewy.
Look mum.
there it is.
Yeah it's.
but it's going white.
it's certain in it bleach innit?
Oh.
Yeah.
probably it were not.
Did I?
How's it spelt then?
Oh.
I thought I'd catch his.
more than that.
yeah.
Yeah.
Is it?
Yeah.
big.
Shall I go and have a look to see if there's any.
No.
No.
I know it's not in there unless it's under the.
but I doubt it.
Perhaps it's sold.
they all love that there.
Could be.
Long time.
Yeah six months, not having no.
may as well.
fix my.
That's nice.
Oh.
I'm going upstairs to listen to some music.
How big were they?
You ai n't got enough room in your garden.
that.
beginning of the extent or the end of the extent of the fish pond.
I was gon na come over and see you about, about.
I could find out where you did your, that, that hall, I know people in.
know where it is in it?
No I do n't think so, nobody does.
Do you know, I went in there right and the majority of people never took no blind bit of notice then suddenly one person walked through the door, you know, he's always playing next to me and he sits down, puts his trumpet there, gets his trumpet on ya, sits there, turns round and the next thing he were laying on the floor going.
and that was it, everybody else turn round and oh, blah, blah, blah, blah and that's how it goes and that.
that actor oh blimey he's.
we say no, what does he remind me of?
And.
going oh he looks like a bloody poofter know ooh, ooh.
and then that was it and then a bit later on, that was all they said about me haircut and then during the break somebody else said, there's something else gone as well and they could n't make out what it what done mine in, my musical director he come, he says you know what will look nice now with that haircut do n't you?
I said what?
He said a patch, I went I said.
little one, he said no I've never noticed.
no.
I ca n't believe it's Thursday.
Yeah, I'll.
on his.
wo n't it?
There ai n't room is there?
Anyway.
Yeah slapped all over his car.
Get all the components done and that just leaves me to do the joints.
Oh I see, I mean, if we're still doing components tomorrow.
They just want to check over.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Is that it, is that all of them?
Oh are they the last ones?
What?
Where?
The.
Yeah.
yeah, yeah.
No.
got these about four, four to put.
in, then we'll start checking them over.
Yeah.
If Jeff does n't get those soldered allows you to get.
You'd better come in Monday morning, you wo n't.
through that will you?
Yeah.
Ben's car's going off the road in two weeks.
You got one of these?
Yeah.
that's good cos I want it.
got some stairs anyway.
This is an excellent song this is.
Chariot's of Fire ai n't it?
Excellent.
Yeah brilliant like Queen they're brilliant.
Wembley.
I hope the I R A do n't plant no bombs in Wembley Stadium, time they all get together,.
the Government ought to get.
at Wembley Stadium, cos I do n't want, I do n't want to get blown up I hope you're listening.
Mr Government.
Well Jeffery.
It's horrible when you get that innit?
It lasts ages and ages no matter what you're doing it come back.
That's our future.
Mm he was on about it last night, he says well I think all we really need is to look at is two hundred pound up front, buy the equipment, couple of decent speakers, a graphic equalizer and the twin deck tapers.
and a foot switch.
press it and it starts the tape, it stops the tape.
But do n't you get anything for your wife for your anniversary?
Not at all?
What, not even a card?
You're meant to buy present though?
Yeah, you're meant to.
I could do.

Are you sure you two are playing at.
You want me to, what, what have I got to put down on these then, they all be.
I should n't need to push anything down.
So I should.
without having to worry about pushing any down.
About time you got on the.
I think.
He's going to go loopy, he's gon na go.
are you accusing me of drinking and driving?
Just do n't, but if they say oh yeah, you're gon na say.
he's gon na say,.
and then when they breathalyse me, he's never, he never drinks anyway, he'll be negative, he'll say right see you.
that'll be too much, he says take you to court, try to harass me.
Have you got my.
do you know what time.
Beating you up?
You did, stuck it up for her?
Aerated.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I just told them you'd had your hair cut really short.
Does.
look funny and I said yeah.
I ai n't going round.
Oh yeah, I remember you saying.
ah well.
It would, must be.
Have you got both keys missing?
I found that board with half.
I bet it's not, it's neither these,.
neither of them.
Mm that's.
in ten there.
Have it checked out, you want me to check it out?
Mm.
no.
See look all that down there, you've blown it all up, and you're supposed to be clever.
Oh is checked at the.
Mm.
Ah.
missing as well.
What?
Mm it's quarter to ten already.
Well.
So what we doing tonight then?
I do n't.
You see, I'm, I'm not sure where I'm gon na be.
Glen's picking me up at half six, yeah.
I do n't know if we're going to.
I'll ob obviously be over in Attenburg or in Rushton.
I ca n't believe.
got up this morning, but I, Maria must of told you that.
I.
And baa, baa.
baa, baa, baa, baa.
Yeah.
She's like, accident prone.
Yeah, she's, for the last three nights running, right, every night she's tried to get out of Ben's car when we drop her off home.
she's smacked her head on top it's so funny, silly bitch.
Oh you know I tried to find out her phone yesterday.
She ai n't on the phone.
she used to be, but she got a bill for erm five hundred pounds, so they had to have it cut off.
Mm.
I do n't think I'd go and see Freddy Mercury.
Mm, what's Jeff on about when we'll keep up with him?
Yeah.
I bet he does as well shall we send a blank board up there, get that spare out, do put it in the tray and see what he says?
course he would n't, just, put the blank board in.
Ah?
No.
I reckon you should let me have one of your cappuccinos Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
I'll buy if off you.
So?
No you do n't, you only want one at dinner time and that's it.
normal cup of coffee this afternoon.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They look nice.
How much are they?
How much are they?
How much?
So how much does that work out each?
Oh, let me buy one off you.
I'll give you thirty P, five P interest, five P interest.
Bloody hell.
I ai n't got thirty P in change I'll give it you in a minute.
I've only got pound coins.
Do you.
Why is it sweet or not?
Yeah they are are n't they?
Running hot water.
Mm, they're nice.
Mm.
I reckon they should do tea here, I'm getting really bored of coffee I tell you I heard Georgina scratched Ben across the arm.
yeah, would n't need it, finished.
Mm, mm, is.
for us yet?
Cleaner on?
I thought Dave said Jeff would clean them?
What did they come in the day?
What just left on the drive?
In a big bag?
Ten in a bag?
I'm surprised they just left them there.
Perishable?
Why you whacked them in the garden already?
It did n't get dark till about just gone seven.
Mm.
Do they look nice?
Well they're cheap and once they start growing.
you know, will, make will real good screen.
better than a bloody fence.
They do, and they give off a nice piny smell as well.
Big style give me some boards to look at.
I've done them.
with you, everywhere you go always take the weather, everywhere you go always take the weather with you, everywhere you go always take the weather.
ten to eight.
Yeah.
Dunno, had to me Theresa were n't ready, did n't expect until eight o'clock, I thought yeah I've got ten minutes, sitting in my bedroom drinking a cup of tea and I heard this bing.
Quarter past right and.
gosh, could n't you see this coming?
OK.
Really?
Build the stage.
must be a good one.
Mm Comic Relief soon ai n't it?
Mm, ca n't remember what band he is out of, he's out of a big band.
I know what it is.
Led Zeppelin.
Mm yeah I think he's the lead singer out of Led Zeppelin.
Is Joey singing Queen?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I ai n't heard about.
No he's out of Queen, Roger Taylor.
Mm he's the drummer, it depends on Roger Taylor I mean, there's one in Duran Duran as well.
I do n't know, I suppose so, she has n't said anything to me.
Most of my babies are my fish.
cos one of my fish swim really near the bottom, on the gravel.
I would n't know whether that is pregnant or not, it's taking deep breaths.
she's laying on the bottom going, but I did n't move her cos it.
she's been like that for two days now.
Do you know anybody wanting baby rabbits?
Well one of our bab, er one of our rabbits thinks it's pregnant, whether it is or not.
Still ai n't got rid of that cockerel do n't know where to, to get rid of it to.
No, that's why, that's why we do n't want to get rid of it to anyone, just in case they chop it up.
Yes.
yeah, you gon na have to speak at.
Take that cowboy one off.
Why?
Is that.
You've got to cut dead square across the back ai n't you?
, I'll shave him for you Mark.
Well you should of had it shaved.
Not a lot, just, you know, take a little bit off.
Is there?
No.
How is it going Jeffery?
he let them have that, yeah, as soon as he starts crying.
A what?
Grecian Two Thousand.
What's.
What's it taste like?
You've put too much in it.
Of course it taste like coffee.
Mm.
Well they ai n't going to anyway does a two or three years, they're old age pensioners, the house is too big for them cos they're waiting for a place to move, that's why I want to get it, get this hedge grow before the next one comes in.
oh the old boy next door he's alright, and the woman next door she's alright you'd never think much of them.
Why?
Yeah, well he's already turned round and told my mother he's not knocking.
mm.
they said for a near six foot high plant eighteen inches apart, for a near ten foot high plant twenty four inches apart, anything over that plant.
yeah.
So I've, I've got the actual main table for the pond and all that, went along that edge that should be in the ground actually, but, I just.
all the way along.
yeah, a big size electric.
That's mine.
this, this, they only start from sort of like, there's the house, and it goes half way up the garden, so I want fifty up at one side, and put fifty to go up other side, I want fifty to go across the garden, and they're gon na go across the garden and cut the garden in half.
no they have n't, they're gon na go all the way round the top section as well, but I just wanted to get the bottom section built first, get some of that plant food in.
when the old boy comes round and see what you've done with the old horse manure, spread some of that around and that'll make them grow as well.
Are you gon na come home and help me dig this pond out then Mark?
Yeah.
Well no not really, but.
No I'll get some, you know, what I'll do I.
they've got holes in it Dave.

Yeah there's no, I, I use that.
of the actual.
Mm.
Yeah.
Mm.
See I want to get the same sort of material though as what the other liners, I want to stick the two liners together to make all one great big pond you see right the way across the garden but the other pond might be about two foot deep, this one's gon na go down.
down to about five, five foot deep I think, four or five foot deep.
So you can see the fish in it, me cousin's is five foot deep, maybe six, I think it is six.
No ai n't gon na.
no it's gon na be none of that.
were never know.
That's why you needed it that deep.
for the carp.
You know what you're gon na keep all carp and that.
Have you?
I thought you only had just normal goldfish in there.
you do definitely.
Sorry, yeah I said Mark's gon na come over and help me dig it.
Oh really are you getting cloud, smoke wafting up.
Ah?
What's been over there?
Oh yeah.
Mm.
When you burp in a minute, you'll get all the acid.
just stay in your throat.
for about two hours.
I'm only gon na get it four foot deep with it anyway it would n't be four foot deep all over, it'll start off at two foot and then slightly slope down to the deep part.
I might go.
I might just plant some, we'll, we'll see, we'll see, we'll, we'll design a piece of.
oh.

Mm, I can do it, on a couple of days when Tel's at work, you sit in a box, on a chair.
I was gon na say decide when you're gon na do it and have the days off work, but they wo n't, they wo n't let us both have days.
Yeah, you definitely want a slope one better.
No, these.
carps at, my, my cousin, they're really weird, you go to feed them, they come to the top, oh the water stays crystal clear.
Mm the water in my other pond is crystal clear, see straight down to the bottom, and another thing I want this hedge quite high cos keep the sun off my pond, if you let the sun on the pond it'll just go green.
like my cousin's it's well shaded, he started.
mind you he's got a good filter system, he's got a U V light in it,.
see when the water comes back out the filter it goes through this pipe right, a big unit type of thing.
the water flows by, it's got an ultra violet light in it and the ultra violet light rays kill off the er.
Ah?
Probably be at Ruth's by about eight I suppose.
They ai n't very far apart they do grow big you know.
There's this old girl at er the top of the road you know, got them, she planted them half way down her garden, right, when they'd grown to about six foot high she said we could have the rest of their garden, so we did, that's how come our garden's so big cos people give our, give us the garden.
Council come round our house they'll say yeah your garden looks big.
Oh er.
Of all the hedges I've seen they've been about eighteen two foot, about that far apart.
yes and they've put in there and they're about two foot apart.
We were gon na have a summer house built in our garden.
Yeah, that's, once the conifers are all growing up, we're going to have a garden shed a greenhouse and I'm gon na build a summer house up the garden, that's by, by round where the pond is.
Yeah, but we want a proper greenhouse do n't have one in the stock room do you?
One of those aluminium greenhouses.
Mm, I know, that's why I was.
Mm.
Yeah.
When we had the gales a couple of years ago, I was in the kitchen making a cup of tea and I could hear all this glass smashing, and I went ooh what's going on, and the wind whistled across the field, it's all open field.
it flies down their garden and in between the two houses it acts like a wind.
and you get gale force winds blowing down there and of course I opened the back door and there were panes of glass flying past.
Yeah, swinging around us, literally big panes of glass and they were flying down and as soon as they got away from the houses, it opened up again, they were crashing down all over my drive and all over the road out there.
From the greenhouse.
Something fell in greenhouse and broke the pane to allow the wind to get into the greenhouse, which is oh dear me, as soon as the wind got into the greenhouse as I say blowing the other panes out.
and as soon as the panes been blown out, it was such a force, it was blowing them between two houses, smashing on the road, and in the end, once a few more panes had gone that was it the whole greenhouse, I sat there watching this greenhouse, it just suddenly launched itself off the bit on it, over our fence, it went, there was glass everywhere for weeks afterwards, when I was cutting the lawn, oh dear the.
glass shattered.
Dave Lee Travis.
Mm there not very secret with this mike.
How do you know?
all those record sleeves.
I used to have loads of records, they're all gone now, scrap.
Mm.
Mm, I know.
No.
I've got a rat in me kitchen what am I gon na do, I've got a rat in me kitchen what am I gon na do, I'm gon na get that rat that's what I'm gon na do.
likes UB40.
How do you know?
Mm.
Elvis Presley?
Mm,.
April the twentieth.
Seriously.
mm, this weekend I think Easter were last year.
It's a late Easter this year, they never have Easter Sunday.
I do n't know why they never have Easter.
Mm.
You're right.
No idea spots.
no plastic.
I dunno, I'll tell you in a minute, we'll have a count nearly dinner time.
So that's nearer than, what it were half hour ago.
Yeah.
Mm, you'll see, when I'm as skinny as you.
Yeah.
course I will, you'll just see.
Mm, I'm already noticing the difference.
you might not be but I am.
I'm feeling healthier nice to feel healthy.
packed up smoking, that makes you feel healthier, you'll feel healthier if you packed up smoking, mm everybody ought to pack up smoking, I think smoking ought to be banned, ban smoking.
ban smoking if you've given in.
you're wishing.
You can.
mayor?
When I become the mayor of.
I'm gon na ban cigarettes.
and I'm gon na ban ban.
all single men will have to be shot over the age of forty.
I ai n't going over.
Yeah.
do I?
No honestly I try not to.
it's only the last week before I went back to.
I was out.
Yeah, but that's all she thought, she, she still did n't realise that after Gavin had gone that I got in me car, come home and seen you, did n't she know?
Very good, the only way she, say, stop me going out tonight.
Anywhere you like.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Do you like it here?
Seen, have you any in this box?
there's three packets short.
there's four packets short.
Where?
There's some anyway Why how many's in a pack?
I do n't know do n't say I'll put them ten it looks like more than ten there though.
You got your paving stones Mark?
Each slab?
No.
Is it worth it?
Why is he always going and telling.
why does he always tells.
Still gon na be short of these, there was more than ten in that pack.
I dunno, I ai n't used them all yet still reckon we're gon na be short though.
oh yeah, ow, na, na, na, na, we're still out of grey ones, could n't use them though can we?
Those grey ones.
cos there not for this board are they?
That's for that other dodgy board did they ring up about.
just gon na leave it?
no, I did n't know him, well, no.
we were some.
short on boards, Dave.
picket, and when they go out we all come back, reject work, such and such a component were missing, they sent us different components through.
Said.
bloody do them he said.
dodgy board though, he looks shifty do n't he?
Above the eyes yeah, we're still quite a few of these short are n't we?
I know they want these in the bin.
Snapper, well and.
but I can put it in ca n't I?
I'll put it in, cos I sent some boards up last time.
Yeah I know, did n't count hardly any of them did we?
Only the R C's, there would of been nothing really ah need another six and that's it.
Yeah.
Have a look in those bins innit?
You did, mm, mm.
no I'm alright, you can see.
Wherever they pick my car up from.
auction.
Mm?
I had.
about that last night, Marcus Peter.
No.
I was just going aahh.
do this, yeah, no way did you get it.
I do n't look like flumps.
You look like humpty dumpty.
Yeah.
Yeah and the we we.
weeble.
No he do n't.
He would n't, next one though I'm gon na stick a mark up me backside and do it, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh.
I know there is.
No, a pick up a penguin.
Ben.
Why?
Ah no, still got that other tape you taped from last night have n't you?
You'll bring that out with you.
Yeah we can listen to it in the car, I wan na hear what was going on.
Mm, my patio's going down there.
No, it'll be alright.
Er want, it want.
by the time I spent just.
it's gon na be flat to the, and I'm gon na build a wall about two foot high and level the garden.
and level with the top of the garden.
so it'll all be level so that.
No it would n't, ca n't, ca n't not at the ground level, it will sit at the top.
No, but it would n't seep through that wall though will it?
It'll go in next door's garden then, mm.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
No.
the wall just going to go straight across the garden.
Yeah, steps in the middle, yeah.
No.
Er, er, er I'm going to put a drain in anyway, in the middle of the patio.
What?
Into the sewer, cos there's a drain bit just where the patio's gon na be and the drain what comes out the outfill.
the washing machine away.
and I just have, well.
just put another pipe in it knock a couple of bricks out and knock a pipe in and that's.
no I did n't want to leave a little, only want to leave a proper little drain things, you know.
Mind you, them, actually they.
straight underneath the back door.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
I did n't know.
Yeah, probably not, it'll pocket out the window job.
mm.
That's chaos that is.
innit?
Yeah, see all these trees as well, clean all the air, all the air and the ozone and.
I'd just chuck it over fence and.
that's where all the.
all the rubbish out of our garden is over there, in the field.
lots of all, lots of wire and bricks and stones and old potatoes, you want to see potatoes that grow in that field, there's never been potatoes in that field before, but there is, we throw all the dicey ones over the fence.
The dustbin's round the other garden, the field's nearer.
Mm.
We, we, we said it's about time they grew potatoes in that field.
Yeah, so we could, yeah, you know, it'll, it'll be a lot better, I mean all they do is grow either that grain or corn.
I would.
my conifers are gon na go across the garden in between and then they're gon na go.
round the top, so nobody will be able to get into it, out the back anyway unless they're, unless they climb through them, you ca n't climb through the conifers when there.
you ca n't get through, no possible way.
Yeah.
Yeah I know that.
The money I've spent on cars, I mean.
Can do, it does you know, so I do n't smoke now cos of my breath you see, if I had a fag she'd go straight away.
Well how did she know, ah?
I said you'll be seeing when you watch that and you'll start crying.
When you start crying when you watch that video.
Yeah I bet you do.
Yeah.
Bring tears to the eyes, all that.
, you'll have to take that off there yeah you can.
You cried did n't you Mark?
Oh yes you did.
I know you did, you did.
Carol told me.
yes she did.
It's a sad film though.
When that white light comes down at the end.
Get the tissues out.
Fergie.
Well it's like you say, if they work there they work.
If they do n't they do n't do they?
Yeah yeah yeah.
Yeah?
He did n't!
That would be nice would n't it?
Yeah.
Is it really?
Yeah.
No.
Yeah.
Mm.
Yeah it is innit?
That's mild innit?
That's mild.
And like you say, they've got jumpers on.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.

Ooh.
Yeah, yeah.
just sitting there.
Yeah.
I like given it up now.
British.
during the day.
No it ai n't.
Ooh.
Yeah, very nice.
You're best not worry.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
I bet it's beautiful innit?
Cor!
Phew.
What's the rent on these now?
Six pound were n't it?
Yeah, yeah.
your maximum's only about a hundred and ten to a hundred and twenty a week.
And you've got your tax out of it.
And when you get a rent like that.
Yeah.
Stoppages, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Then you've got your water, your gas.

You can see why people do n't work in this country.
Yeah, Yeah.
Yeah.
but they were cheap.
Quality, yeah.
Yeah.
We did n't go into we passed the leaning tower of Pisa.
But it was sort of let me think it was over and it only looked about that big.
Yeah yeah, I wo n't be long.
Oh dear I'm ready if you are then Get some wood shavings and.
Yeah.
That's full time job that is.
this bloke, he cracked up.
There's a wall stands about this high and he's do he does his duty on top of the wall.
Sits down like that and he does a dooberry on top of the wall.
Yeah, tell you what he does, he gets his back legs up on top of the wall and he does it on top.
This bloke he cracked up.
He could n't stop laughing.
Yeah, yeah.
He never does it on a path or nothing, he always reverses in somewhere.

Italian doggy.
Oh my bum hurts.
And then you wake up and walk sideways do n't you?
go and do some work.
Have you got any money on you?
No,.
Oh alright I'll got and get.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah it is innit?
It is confusing, yeah.
It is confusing that is.
Oh well I opposite side of the road's nothing to me now cos I, I live on my bike.
I'm always on me bike.
We came out the, out the ferry port and you're alright going straight on to the boat, it's when you've got ta turn right.
Very easy to simply turn into this lane instead of going right the way over to the other side.
That's it yeah.
It's all filtered innit?
Mm.
We'll see you later.
No he really liked it.
He got a bit flushed though.
Oh.
Oh yeah, lovely.

Oh wine is just.
Well thanks very much Tony.
That's er er lovely.
Well.
four beads long.
Come on, biscuit barrel.
Go on.
He loves it.
Yeah he loves it.
Oh dear!
Oh?
Oh yeah?
Oh?
Does it?
Is it really?
That's strong.
Mm mm.
The vets.
Ca n't you really?
Oh yeah?
Yeah.
Here you are.
It's on the Adriatic?
The other side is it?
Oh the west.

Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It looks nice.

Mm.
Were they really?
No.
love that.
Oh yeah?
They get in your bed do n't they?
Lizards.
Oh I see.
Yeah.
. Oh these are the actual.
Marvellous innit?
Oh yeah?
Oh yeah?
Mm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh.
No, no, no.
Yeah.
No,.
Are they war graves Tony?
No.
No.

No.
That's good.
Oh gawd!
Yeah?
Oh.
Yeah?
That's.
How far is it?
How many miles actually is it Tony?
From France to Italy.
Or Germany to.

Yeah it's.

Ooh, some tunnel that is.
Oh there's them cows.
Oh.
I see cow's got the right of way.
Oh dear.
Is that Luxembourg?
Yeah, oh he's.
No lie down.
Luxembourg there.
You can go the coach route ca n't you?
You can go the coach route ca n't you?
Yeah.
Yeah when you go through Switzerland.
It seems to be following you.
Yeah.
Ooh.
Yeah.
No?
Cor!
It is nice.
Sit down Joey.
Good boy.
Oh is it that bad?
Yeah.
Will they?
Yeah.
Yeah cos, cos.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No.
No that's true, yeah.
Was that was that hot air balloon following you by any chance?
Yeah.
Yeah that's in that first photo innit?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What, koi carp and all that are they Tony?
Yeah.
Did it really?
Oh, it did n't give you much chance then to get used to it did it?
I mean you know.
Well they worked good did n't they?
No, they're, they're alright.
They're nice.
They're good photos they are.
Oh yeah, Tony was saying.
They're hundreds of years old are n't they?
How far's Tony actually from Naples?
Sixty is it?
Mm?
Is it really?
Yeah.
I, yeah cos last time you when come over he was supposed to have been ill were n't he?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
No.
Oh, I see.
Is n't there?
No.
No it's just pure grape juice.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh.
So w without alcohol there would n't be no dehydration either would there?
Not in.
No, no.
Do they really?
Mm.
Oh.
Yeah?
Ooh dear.
Ooh ooh.
I did n't think it were that strong like, you know?
I thought they drunk that all day,.
Yeah.
Have you really?
Oh yeah.
Sorry?
Yes?
Oh.
Oh.
That's a true story then, Hannibal?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Mm?
Oh.
It's it's supposed to be there.
Are they?
Are there still.
archaeologists are still there doing it all you know?
Oh.
I'll bet it is.
Oh as I say I've seen the film.
I, I liked the film of Hannibal, with Oliver Reed.
Now that's quite good.
Was it.
It's very good, the film is.
Mm.

Yeah.
Yeah?
Mm.
Ah.
How, how high up were you there Tone?
