
How long will you be doing your cake?
Oh.
I know.
But.
How much of that is left?
Of the cake?
Film.
Leave the washing up we'll both.
do it together.
No.
Spea, er speak to the thing and loudly or.
Shall have to see.
Oh oh!
Er, anything any good?
Mm.
Is it.
a series, a series or just one.
new series altogether?
Oh.
That should be rather nice.
Mm.
Choose.
Oh ah!
The new series is alright though.
The older series was alright but.
It's some what?
There's a.
big lorry coming up, big yellow lorry coming up the road.
Oh it's got sweeping brushes.
Clear, I hope he's clearing the salt up.
Yeah.
Oh well.
Half inch of frost and you get the salt people out.
As soon as it's strikes your, the bottom of your car it's it begins to rust.
And ne, e it, and is, if it's going to freeze tonight you ca n't wash it off.
No.
Do you think we ought to go round Peter and Joan's.
About fetching you home.
Oh yeah!
True.
Er, is the market o always crowded like that so you're pushing?
So as you get.
How about ringing George up?
Do you think he'll come for lunch?
I said I would n't give him.
Bring it er, bring it in er to the fro, lounge.
It should be on the table at the back.
Have you got it?
Bring it in to here.
You wicked girl!
It's, no it's not er it's not crinkling on the surface.
Cos it's not clear.
No.
And it's, it's it seems very hot.
Do you think you ought to go to the doctors again?
How about ri er ring, ringing them up?
Well show it to them and see.
Are you putting that back on?
What to show Jackie?
She is home.
Been.
home a little while.
Well, perhaps I'll them later.
Bit of extra.
This, in there.
This?
Well I ai n't bothered about that yet!
We got other things to do have n't we?
Well put it in in five minutes ca n't I?
Are you going to show her or not?
And I thought it'd be extra.
Well she'll want it in the house and all that!
Well, we're not bothered about a yet!
Well you er you, I thought you were going to ask her to look at.
Then he can come and look any time.
I like it very much do n't you?
It's unusual to say the least.
I shall ask how, when it was taken.
Yes, cos it's there.
Ah!
I I was, I were help him point it at the time.
You know the pear tree where you asked me.
to prune it it's still over the garage.
No.
But i, i, I've not i, on this sh picture the pear tree is ri, we all over the garage.
So er, it's.
It's not been recently has it according to that?
Well that's another point.
Do you think they will like it?
You know, to buy one?
Mm.
But er.
Well he did say er, ours i your greens, your grass is greener.
Are you going to show it Tom and Madge?
What take it with us?
I do n't suppose.
do n't suppose they'd come and a me, for tea would they?
Well home's always the best.
I suppose we're at home today.
When's th the Argentina one?
Er er the slab those yellow slabs they show up pretty well do n't they?
In the red.
red.
Eh?
Who was?
What?
Oh in that er.
Oh yes!
It's where he is a.
he's always after a prisoner int he?
Escaped prisoner.
And he ends up, he ends er, drowning hisself?
Because he'd been pursuing the same man for years.
What, I used to se, see the book in the library but I never drew it out until I, recently.
It's a good story that.
I liked it very much.
Mind you, Charles Laughton put it a bit of beef into it did n't he?
Nothing worth looking at?
They're gon na do another series did you read it?
Both on are they?
Oh.
Oh that's strange idea!
Yeah.
Yeah.
Go and have another five minutes and.
Yeah.
I can have it, yeah.
Yeah, just a drop.
Mhm.
Are the pigeons gone?
Is that blackbirds?
Blackbird and robin been?
Mm.
Mm.
Yeah, you se, you know I might go er down that shed.
Throw it away now if you do n't want.
Well you do n't wan na put it on the ship do you?
Have the robin and blackbird.
gone off then when they had.
Yes.
Well I've to ask, remove them before they plant.
Well I shall move it before bed time.
Er er.
There's no forecast for.
Violent storm or anything?
Mm.
Well, that's alright it's clean.
Well.
Oh I know.
I can take that out and put it back.
It's no problem.
And that old you kept er asking about, it's er tying the ro you remember the rose bush?
Well it fell on the slabs had to tie it right.
back.
That's a bit lighter for that and if there's a.
gone late have n't they?
There's.
Yeah.
Getting light.
Did the robin have any sultanas?
He's a quick mover int he?
Like a little dart.
Oh!
You do n't know what the forecast is then for tomorrow?
You get the.
Mm.
Oh, has there been another one today then has there?
The Prime Minister's establishment.
No.
Oh!
It ai n't four.
Er, perha.
Oh.
It is er And get Madge and Tom if you like, er, when we get, we'll nip over for the week, you know?
Instead of taking the eggs.
Well let's go down for the jars and then they can, see.
see what they say for ten minutes.
True!
Or salty.
Well if they put salt on the road, according to the A A, i.
it starts to bu.
Yes please.
I'm starting to.
The back.
it's all over the damn!
Eh?
I'm going to drink it!
But they're still in their er.
Must have been there.
Well wait until Monday when there's salt on the roads.
Well you know what salt does to underneath the car.
The bodywork.
Well.
What Sunday or Saturday?
How old is she?
Forty?
Not very old is she?
Well when you think you're seve, what are you?
se.
Yeah and I'm eighty two.
She must be well down the birth rates.
What about Joan?
Have you, and er rung.
not rung.
George?
How about Ge, asking George to come round for a meal?
Not short notice, it's.
Friday night!
Aha.
Well I could.
lighten depression.
Scintillate, scintillate little star how I wonder what you are?
Up above th the world star.
In the sky.
It was a no a version of it.
Any Questions for me.
Is th, is there anything on?
Oh!
Is that th se, er the.
Grace Brothers?
New version like?
Mm.
I've got to.
Different, see to the do, swi sliding door in the garage with a vice to open it.
It's gon na be bitterly cold!
Well Peter sometimes ring.
No, I bet.
Well he came by did n't he?
Well did n't you wave to him through the window?
Oh.
Well ho, how old would he be?
Mm.
Mm.
How old is Madge se, eighty?
Getting ba, on the re old age syndrome.
I could do I suppose.
Would n't hurt to leave it on will it?
You can always have certain procedures.
I suppose I have n't got to keep within in that parameter.
Ha!
It's not that.
I do n't like mundane jobs.
It's women's work.
No thank you.
Yeah.
It's cold.
Yeah.
No.
There's no rush.
Finish with engines.
Oh right, yeah.
They'll find me at Nagines, where all the girls are dreams!
The Merry Widow.
Just like to do one more show before I die.
Pity it all fell through innit?
All over the is anybody doing it?
Oh.
Is Lily doing in it?
I did n't know.
Ooh!
Mary took over.
No I ge, I got to see it.
got tired of it.
And er.
Yul Bryner did it well but his.
Oh I see.
I always think there's a little shade of big headedness with Yul Bryner!
Lots of big headedness!
At least I practise what I preach.
Mm.
A fair number, but we're getting through them.
Oh I know.
Yeah I've wrote it all, booked in.
Well I was thinking.
I was thinking it might, seriously, and we used to say hands up all those who have n't seen the sea?
Forest of hands, bar two.
And er well I er I was one of the two.
The lad next to me he'd been three times!
His hand went up just the same.
Life does n't change much does it?
You get the twisters do n't you?
And probably, mother said about the linen and a suitcase not to, not to put a hand up.
And yet, the one who'd been, he said I've been twice hi his dad se, er rides stallions fo on those two wheel tongas to the, take the coal to co, to.
And er, so I mean he was pretty well, he kept about six shire horses, those big.
big plates of meat horses, and er there you are, that's how it goes I suppose.
What?
Being out of breath?
Is she the one with a teapot in suit rack?

I could see the foreman now!
He come across with his un one of the managers and he says what's the idea?
He says of where you get er, you've got a so, cup, a saucer with your cup of tea, he says we never get one!
I said well it's my wife's er aunty.
I, you know, she got quite annoyed.
Oh.
at the same place er we were putting machinery in after the war, you know.
and getting them up from the cellars.
Said they had to two.
factories into one.
Well they had to get their own machines out an there's one old boy had a stitcher, a be he looked ninety, he probably was n't, and er he was chu, it was just after lunch and he was chewing apple and old Jo, I was working with so you know, Jim someone's I said look at the silly old B, I said!
He's really enjoying that apple, I says er, and it's a waste of time er, eating anything!
So they look at me!
Oh Jim we got a big four foot o, you know, opening in the floor, lowering the machines and bringing them up.
He nearly fell down for looking!
But he were really going at it you know.
But er that tickled Jimmy that did.
But still, if you ca n't joke you ca n't do anything can you?
See children with skateboards they amaze me!
Anyway, I bet they cost seventy pound do n't they?
Straight down these trousers!
Saw it it's going in.
Do children still go errands er for old ladies?
I used to be, and I was.
willi, willing and a a kindly nature but we if it's in the middle of a game you know, and er, you know how you are when you're playing a game well they'd fetch me away to run for some cheese for an old lady.
And I, I ran there and ran back to continue my game, at play like and I heard a, mo, her say to mother well I like your lad to go says th look at this cheese it's never been unwrapped he said those other lads he says it's always looks as if it's been unwrapped and.
a bit broken off!
Well!
You did in those days.
Some of them never saw cheese did they?
In the first.
first war.
Not in.
the first war.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
And the milkman he used to sell it out of a.
Water.
He said er ooh go go and see if we can get a jug of water, he says er wash my cans in.
It's anybody's guess whether it was the cans or the milk he washed out.
But still, that's life!
It does n't change much.
I used to run, pick ladies smocks up down the tailors.
Course, it was n't like it is now.
It was all tailors.
And er you do n't see lady's smocks today do.
you?
A pink, not a pinky but, pale pinky violet about four petals.
Paley pale sort of er.
Oh.
Cowslips, they used to be very.
pretty.
Mrs used to make cowslip wine.
Oh.
When I was cycling lovely summer afternoon, well er four i, about four o'clock and er there was three farmers round a big sign, in in there and tha that's where I went up cycled.
Did n't get u, dismount I just sat on the saddle like with my foot on the floor wandering what they was up to.
And they were, you know the stallion they was helping him put it.
That tickled me to death!
When I told our fellers when I got back to the depot would n't believe me!
Yeah, they go got it and swung it up like that, and I'm sure to the stallion could n't find where it was!
I thought well, what a carry on!
Mind you, if they got big hooves like plates of meat you know, great big.
you know it may be heavy to.
to lift up onto a mares back.
What?
I should n't last long.
It's happened more than that.
Probably still does.
And, the same road Tobozier the, you know the ditches for.
running the water off, they did n't have banks.
And er farmers used to throw his cabbage plants in the bottom of the ditch and leave them there till he was ready to.
Plant them.
Now we, we come out with plants and push them into the ground straight away do n't we?
Still each to his own.
Mm.
Yeah!
Poor old Charlie!
I told you about him ever so.
he.
Do n't know.
Mm.
Mm.
Ye yeah.
Probably was.
Mm.
Yeah, she er we went to the river shore, you know the bridge near o on our part of the road and he were behind the trees and er I was wo wo, it were one of his sons who were with us, you know, Tommy and he was shouting.
Go back!
Go back!
And cos he did n't want any cos he overstayed his.
he, he were due to go back in the army and he overstayed.
his leave for three days.
They found him eventually.
what it was, Foundry Lane though, it was a pudding, what we used to call pudding bag street, there was big circle round the bottom and R D Smith and Sons manufacturers.
and er as I came to visit mother and she we th went to know and la, called landaus.
small wheel, you know, with a white horse he came, you know on er granite cobbles horses hooves, er he went to the bottom along this circle to turn round as he came back every door were open and we and er heads out, they thought it was a fu, you know, horse.
horse and landau a funeral and they're all watching!
Mother loved it!
We went off and we got to a steep hill, we all had to get out.
three lads and two ladies, and we had, we the three lads, Bill, George and me we pushed at the back, and the two ladies mother and Vi just walked.
And er it's funny that though, how they all come out to look.
But still they used to go and fetch meat, there used to be horse slaughterers near.
Abbey Park.
And er.
Who is?
That's cos this horse was lovely!
Surely you.
you lived a young life did n't you?
What did you do, just skip and play hopscotch and snobs?
Mm.
Piece piece piece of coal as long as that, you see that fire?
Piece of coal as long as that, a foot wide and foot, like a foot square we pulled off a.
and taking the coal to the from the wharf to the er gas works.
for coating and they've jumped on the wagon.
There's like two pieces sticking out at the back you could ge get your foot on it and pull a a this hundred weight er piece of coal off ran up with it!
And then when we came out of school Dean sent a firelight at people.
We, I used, erm the school were next to that so I, it was my job to go and, on you know the scrap.
heap.
Well you know when they made fire lighters?
Those that did n't make it, crumbled.
up they threw out onto a dust heap and I used to go and sort out all these bits and er.
ma ma, to give them to George and he made the fire.
And er they were the sort of things you had to do.
And in, you know Woodboy Street Sunday night in the summer when it was a heat wave they'd got little bow windows then in Woodboy.
two foot from the cobbles, you know, like.
with a little sill.
and er.
Yes, well it's Sunday night and they're always fighting and that and he, he came out four rows of the bow wi, they were twelve inches square he kicked three of them in!
He said I I'll show you who's boss of this house!
And, that was his idea of showing who was boss by kicking the windows in!
Funny that was.
Then another Sunday there were two ladies one had got a bread knife and she cu, tried to cut her hair off.
And ne o, nearly scalped her!
Mm.
Oh life was rough there!
In pla, in Woodboy Street the police used to walk in twos!
There was a little police station there.
You know Rushmore Square?
Mm.
Oh, not much.
Ye, Mark's Church still there and.
built of slate.
So.
Mm.
Well the Indians have go, ai n't they, they're.
the church are n't they?
Mm.
No.
Very warm.
I got on well with the teachers there before I went to Bridge Road.
The lad I played with, he you know these steel fash, er what they put in ladies shoes now strip of steel in the ar, see the archway?
And he'd got a strip of steel about four inches the half inch and he stuck at the back of his, i it was a long seat that were a four of us sat on with iron legs and they stuck it in the wood and you'd flip it and it i, you know how it would sto.
shur shur shur shur shur shur shur, and this went on for a week an little teacher, Miss, she called out stop doing that!
And she ke, said yo when th, one day when there was, went out for play time quarter of an hour they rang the bell, she asked me to stop and help her with some papers.
But I found out afterwards that was a subterfuge.
When they'd all gone out she says er, what's that noise they keep making?
I says, oh it's a bit of a spring.
She said show me.
So I walked to the last bench what seated three pupils, I said, there it is look it's stuck about three inch.
She said, well what does it do?
So I flipped it, you know and it went.
shur shur shur shur, so she never said no more, just hooked it out and er took it the desk.
But she never remonstrated with er Len his name was, she never i, remonstrated with him.
And er I was out with him, his er his dad was dead his elder brother was crippled, and he had a job of is wo Wilkinson and Phil Kilpacks next door, he did something with the sweets and jam I think.
And, he could n't walk properly.
And er he er we used to go there and play with, you know, three or four hours and keep him company, like.
And er we, one of the few times my dad came to Foundry Lane he I got a book, I think it were called Tiger Tim and, on the back they gave a model that you cut out with scissors and pu.
Yeah.
er, at the back page about nine inch by six wi you, were cut-outs and you cut it out and stuck them together to make a little paper, well, thick paper model.
And er oh it, it were about seven o'clock and I said I'll go and play with Len ti till half past, he says well be a, be back by half past eight.
And, my dad ever suspicious says er what are you going to do?
I says, well going to take, er cut these models out and stick them together I says he's, he collects them.
Anyway, when I come back about half past eight as I was told to do, you know, there were no disputing it, you could n't sa, say half past eight and be nine, like they do today, my dad says er where's the model?
I says, oh I've left it there.
Ooh!
He says, how can you cut a, and make a model and then leave it?
I said well he's got a sa, brother that ca n't walk, he's crippled and sits there all week and that, does a little job for Wilkinson and Kilpack and er quite annoyed!
You know, he thought I'd been telling him a lie.
You know, as I had n't brought the model to show him.
But I took no notice!
I had n't got much time for him and he knew it!
He used to say you ca n't go out and kick your boots up!
And I put a toe out of one of them!
And i, it were just to show his authority, you know.
But mother used to play him down alright.
Yo, you'd only got to tell mother and she'd soon be after him!
That were the best when she chased him down.
Yeah!
Fetched him out the hou, er out the factory!
Cos he had n't been paying his maintenance you see.
Mother used to take me to the lawyers in in Newarks.
Nothing for you today Mrs.
Times I heard that!
Still!
It's all been built on now int it, down that area?
I should think now.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
Well that's all round there.
Mark's Church and all.
that's been.
Yeah I know, but all those areas.
were wiped out.
Yeah.
Too right they was!
Mm mm There was a little girl no.
Dunno.
I never looked.
Mm.
No, I'm alright thank you.
No.
When you like.
Mm.
Show him in his er in his front door if you like if you do n't want to bother them.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
Which clock?
Aye!
That one.
Well yo.
Oh I see what you mean.
Possibly.
Not got to stop the clock for it have I?
Well it was er.
Mm?
That's certainly not in the erm events.
Could do some drawing I suppose.
Ready for the next painting.
What are you going to do?
Again?
Who's going to eat it all?
Here come the pigeons.
Er, yeah a few but not too many.
Yeah it's fine.
No, there's been, nothing that I could see.
Was you expecting some?
Who?
What the who's going to be the beneficiary?
There's three blackbirds and six pigeons already.
We got, we got we got two.
Is one e, the other one empty?
Ah but we got some left over from the others.
Yeah.
Is it er tantrum day today?
Do I, if.
Most considerate and quiet chap in the district I am!
Eh?
No, I'm not very.
Not very partial to mushrooms.
Mm.
Yes.
Yes please.
It's fungi int it your eating?
What you done now?
Is it burnt?
I did.
Oh is that the one of.
the forks?
Two fingers that's all I had.
That needs to be switched off has n't it?
And that?
Are you going out this morning?
Evelyn?
Aye.
I'll attend to that.
I have a certain procedure and you have to keep within that parameter.
What, and let all the cold in?
And expend all your central heating?
What good's a.
what did?
Tomatoes are cold.
Have they been in the fridge?
Mm?
It seems so to me.
It's cold, mine is.
Yeah.
About cleared what I've put out.
What's?
Mm mm.
I had a listen it's.
Well after that er still want that man who's supposed to have er, blown up Lockerbie.
Mm?
Two was it?
And th they want them e extradited.
Mm mm.
Well er.
Ca n't do the ship cos it wi, got to go on the bench in the garage.
I might do a bit of drawing.
Mm.
Oh!
Well, say I come to think, I did n't.
Mm.
Perhaps I will now.
But er.
Mm.
It's er four actually.
I wonder how long this cold spell.
A stop in day then I suppose?
I'm not so bothered.
Mm.
Well I would n't mind one but just have to walk.
just have to walk have n't you, in the cold and.
I'll go across for the paper, so we got all the.
Oh you bought one did you?
Oh!
And when does that start?
Oh!
Mm.
What are we having for lunch for Sunday lunch?
Mm.
Do n't you get tired of chicken?
Mm.
Mm.
What did you attribute that to?
He might object.
The butcher.
He would if you was having to pay on your usual.
The bread's stodge!
I know.
That er new car next door it er.
it, well er.
different then.
It seems longer than the one he had.
Mm.
Looks so to me.
They seem to use them a lot, buses, do n't they?
That's one thing, this weather'll keep the skateboarders at bay would n't it?
How parents can spend all that money for them to run down on the chest paddling with their hands on the dirty pavement!
And then they have to carry them all the way back up the hill!
Seems pointless to me!
I were making models when I were their age.
I do n't suppose they wash when they go in do they?
No.
Teachers used to look at our hands.
You have to turn them, see and look.
says turn the palm of your hands.
and inspects it if you've washed them.
Well th, we used to fool them though we had, we had celluloid collars we used to spit on and then rub your sleeve to and er you know your boots, you had black boots?
We used to, ru on the back of your, back of your socks!
I wonder if they do that now?
Well they look mucky in the shops!
And that's.
Well they do n't look like there's, the boots.
They do n't look like the boot and shoes we used to swe, wear.
It's in.
It's indelicate to, indelicate to mop your plate with a piece of bread, you know that!
Well we're not French.
What's it supposed to do for you?
Your cooking does that.
Was your father a good eater?
For breakfast?
Yes.
You used to see my my father's eyes sparkle when he had his first pint of the day!
Mm?
Yes please.
Do you want marmalade?
Do you want.
Yes please.
Do you want marmalade?
Mm.
Gives you cholesterol.
Trouble is you keep, I ta, wash your hands when you've had marmalade.
It's sticks.
I never woke once.
I had a never heard a sound.
Oh.
How do you know?
We do you want the windows doing th, today?
Where did you put the programmes?
Well it's the same picture as last week's.
This front is basically the same oh, as we had er.
same one.
Oh.
You sa.
Has n't You told me to anyway it's Saturday Saturday.
Er.
Good question!
Good question!
No, there is n't any.
Er.
Mm mm.
Henry the Fifth at two forty.
That should be good.
Lawrence Oliviers sh.
Patria, patriarchal adaptation of Shakespeare's play.
And Kenneth.
Kenneth Branagh.
Uplifting celebration of war time idealism.
Four sta, four ratings.
Er, e Henry the Fifth.
Doris Day.
By the Light of the Silvery Moon.
That's on.
five past three till five.
That's er, two forty to, to five minutes to five.
Twelve o'clock, that's er.
For the week, yeah.
Tuesday.
Saturday.
Mm.
Well you could have fooled me!
Proper, proper.
programmes.
Yes dear.
One moment.
Channel Four back a bit no One, Two.
Eight A M.
The La.
Hitchcock's, Lady Vanishes.
Oh.
Yeah.
I'll see what I ca.
fancy.
Oh well, shall I read them all?
Oh!
Twelve fifteen, Love Happy, Groucho Marks.
Two fifteen, Striker Malibu Detective.
Burt Reynolds.
Four fifteen, Our Sons mothers of a gay couple.
Six fifteen, Frankenstein, Boris Karloff.
Er that's.
Sky satellite.
Si.
six P M, Rob er, Robin of Sherwood.
Oh that's twelve.
Do they know?
Well cos there was nothing on Saturday!
They're cleaning all the seed up, the pigeons.
They wo n't, do n't usually do that.
It is biggest come down.
As big as a big cockerel ai n't they?
Do you reckon he fathers them all?
They would n't be all his wives would they?
Well you do n't.
You might, you might not know about pigeons, you know what comes naturally do n't you?
If there's eight, er pigeons with him it's and he's the only er.
What's that about?
Oh.
Oh that one he.
he used to be in the Masterclass teaching the.
students?
Mm.
I'll have another cup then if it's spare?
You're not going out this morning are you?
Did you want the windows cleaning?
Did you want the windows done?
Would they.
might freeze.
Erm.
it might freeze under there.
Whoosh!
Here, there's two biggies now!
I think the other one might be, oh yeah, it's the to the.
What's th, what's th that?
Oh bi, it's not that er po Breaking the Code, that's the one.
I want to see.
No, he he he he he has to break a code, you know, like.
he broke the er.
Japanese code, it's he has.
a office with a lot of girls.
Oh.
Possibly.
Possibly.
We've seen most of them.
I'm getting a little tired of that.
It's off the er, yeah it's off the old music box we used to have.
Well it's off the old gramo we used to have.
Probably when we were emptying the, bits and pieces.
Mm.
Did n't see them.
Saw the two blackbirds and the thrush.
The thrush er lowered his wings in er you know, you know.
how they do when th they're trying to scare some of them off.
Thrush, they're not fighters but they're, they're, not cowards they'll you know, have a go.
They do, he lowers his wings and crouches.
You know, it's the er attacker.
Well.
At least they'll die happy wo n't they?
Well they had er, they had all that this morning, they should go for a little while.
Line down.
Ye, oh yeah, show me where you want the line will you?
Well it held the conifer did n't it?
Kept it from.
What, another conifer?
Oh!
Yeah.
Expedite the tying up businesses.
That's unusual!
Un.
Unusual, two pa, pigeons!
I mean close together.
Well do n't they usually attack?
At least er imitation attack.
Yeah.
I reckon it probably keeps the cats in.
Well they do n't like stepping across icy grass I should have thought.
I went and looked in the dustbin to see if he was back in there but.
Could n't shift it, no.
Mm.
Oh yeah.
And your onions are there under the light.
Why?
Well do, well they're on the floor.
What about the potatoes?
Oh well, they'll be alright.
Mm.
Well I'm not going out when the salts on!
Well it's not that, I've got ta.
I've got ta wash it off have n't I?
Yeah.
The er have you seen that er card I'm going to paint?
You told me to put it in the safe place.
Well it's that safe we ca n't find it!
I've looked everywhere!
About where it is.
That's what we've got to find out!
Well, I've been systematic.
I've emptied the drawers, I've looked under the.
Well that's boot polish, I would n't put it.
I would n't put it there!
You've been interfering have n't you?
That's it!
Yes you have!

Your interfering again!
Well these records that want taping.
Well I better next.
get my drawing board for starters, I suppose.
And er.
have you got any shopping to.
do?
No.
Well I'll start then.
Painting.
Okay.
But you know your.
Oh.
Yeah.
Well you.
I did and then I took them out.
That's my.
reading from the er Victory that.
Just found that.
So.
Have you read that from the Merry Widow?
Yes you have.
Oh.
Taking the.
taking the.
For that, yes.
There's the er, Constable's Bluebell Wood I painted.
There's Choiss.
Choiss and.
They do, er.
Yeah I er.
Well as I say, I'm going to put it in the big one once a year.
Christ!
It's gone.
There was a write up in the newspaper I found, I must have put it back.
Yes, I know but.
Ah this is it!
Just read it out.
I will.
One of the last jobs of Leicester serviceman Taffy he retires shortly has involved working on a machine of the type he first handled fifty years ago when he joined the B U.
The machine, an original Boston Tacker from the early nineteen hundreds was prepared by Taffy for showing at the exhibition this month at Wellingborough branch.
The organizers of the exhibition wanted a Boston Tacker to stand in the foyer to tie in with the theme of the seventy fifth anniversary of the B U locating however, locating the complete model has proved something of a headache like the Model T Ford, the Boston Tacker was always very common but is now something of a rarity and the branch had finally settled for head to be borrowed from C and J Clarke, shoe machi, museum in Street, Somerset.
Luckily, Taffy returning from his annual holiday remembered that there was a complete Tacker in the factory of a local manufacturer still being operated.
The directors of the firm kindly gave B U permission to borrow a Tacker for the exhibition and after Le Leicester branch arranged a temporary replacement, Taffy began working, cleaning up the machine to showroom condition.
Taffy spent five days cleaning, polishing, painting he copied the motives which were missing from and old nineteen hundred and eight B U machinery catalogue which he examined with a watchmaker's glass.
Taffy spent the majority of his time at B U as a serviceman at Risden and Leicester branches, but had an eighteen month period during world war two assembling jet engines at Powerjets, Wexton His wife and he lives in Spencefield area of Leicester.
Oh, about this other.
B U chooses.
Well.
B U choose the Merry Widow because their last show White Horse was so successful the B U Musical Society have decided to take on the ambitious task of tackling the Merry Widow for their next production.
Leading the cast will be Mary.
who had played many leading roles for the Leicester Operatic Society.
Frank who had a been a member of this society for more than twenty six years.
The White Horse was our most sec successful show to date says Mr Percy secretary to the group.
Well that's alright.
Leave it.
Oh.
Well I I I did try see if the cat was in it but it was frozen.
I shall have to er, thaw it out.
Well something I've picked up.
Leicester United Athletic Club are producing but once a year in the si, in the club's theatre, here are two scenes.
What's that?
There's the Quaker girl.
The Quaker girl?
Do n't say it though.
Nineteen sixty two.
That's going back a bit innit?
Mm.
I've been busy in my day ai n't I?
Mm.
I do exactly as you say!
I'm under.
orders!
That's it.
That's it.
No.
It's stopping.
So.
Well do you want me to do it?
I've got the.
Yeah.
No.
Well your.
knuckles protruding there.
That one is that one's swollen.
Yeah.
Mind you, you've got it bound yo you're sort of restricting the blood are n't you?
Oh well that ca n't er.
That's er.
That's the erm.
Bluebells.
Bluebell Wood.
And that's the er.
it's the er.
Copy of.
Which?
They're what.
what I'm rubbing these down with.
No.
What, shopping do you think?
We.
I meant to look out for her, show her the picture.
Well I had a a worn out little paint brush and I rolled it on so I kept my hands dry.
But it's, it was on the Welsh dresser for a little while.
You've er disappeared it as you usually do!
Will you want this table clearing of all these.
Yeah, a long while.
yes.
Do you want all this table at all?
Oh.
No, I wo n't bother.
Well I'm not worried about that but, I'm interested in this you know.
Do you actually want to?
It's going.
Yeah, just wan na watch.
What you mean before?
Oh.
Well it were n't all that, but i if you want to we can try.
No.
Shall we do that then?
Oh.
Right.
Oh.
Clear everything up.
Do you want this one?
Do you want this one in and so.

You know all the, the proprietors they ha, they have horses that pulled the co carriages they had a race.
They had a race, you know.
th.
all the horses that pulled the coaches.
Up the hill.
Up the hill.
Yes.
Yes.
Nothing else is there?
To er.
clear up?
No?
Okay.
Yeah.
Stop it.
That's it.
Yes.
There were n't so much bickering were there?
Broadcast, yeah.
Oh is this going?
Yeah.
Yes well, does Tom, your Tom have it?
No.
But I still think.
Mr Churchill had nine inch long cigars sent him at Christmas and.
he was smoking like, and he were ninety odd!
What, how do you com.
compare that with like with like?
Cigars.
Oh.
I shall be up.
There's there's more in this.
Yes, but there's mo more emission from a cigar in a car than a cigarette.
Mm.
And do you remember we went to er David's er, one Sunday with me to his grave and when we come out of cemetery that public house across the road.
I took you both in and, you could n't see across the room!
No.
When I spoke about it th the barman rushed across and put the fans.
But how do you reckon all those went?
You cou, it ju literally, you, you could hardly.
see the bar!
A and it was down steps as you went in.
Was n't above the ground, it were sort a three feet below the ground.
So there by hangs a tale.
Mind you, you can make fors and agai, er fors and er against for most things ca n't you?
Over eating can do it ca n't it?
I mean, look at er, George Bush in America, he's tried to act like forty, as I've tried to do a, and you have to pay for it.
I mean, it's one thing running along the road before breakfast when you're twenty is n't it?
Another thing you'd be e, yo you have a, you eat more when you're old, or appear to.
I'm eating more than.
Oh!
Oh well.
Seems a lot when I have to go through.
with it.
Ah!
But I was nine years in er digs.
And you do n't get they do n't overfeed you in digs.
Cos the whole object of the exercise is to have a lodger is to pay yo your way.
Well that's.
It's a known fact, we'd still do.
Have you pressed that?
You are now recording, yes we're recording.
Yeah.
Have you mashed the tea?
I is there anything else you want to fix?

Are the birds coming?
Has the robin been?
Is there some salt on is there?
Well he, he often is.
Yeah.
He's getting brave.
Er yes.
might as well.
Er is it.
Yeah, no I dunno it's re going round.
Mm mm.
Well there's so many things to go wrong int there?
You've got ta watch it all.
Is there any, do they want any bread?
Or have you thrown it all?
Mm.
It's going to be a bad frost tonight.
No, I'm warm enough.
It's getting dark is n't it?
The only thing that was different is that, that it's not starting on the same.
I was just sitting figuring it out.
You know the ones you put in?
Well no y she could n't put the B side in cos she s you've got to put the A in.
The only way you can get it.
right would be putting the B side in but you've got ta start with A.
It's rather curious that.
Well I compare like with like do n't I?
What's this one in here, the d.
Well that's what I'm saying.
Ah, there, that's it.
Yes I'll have a slice.
Have you got much left?
Oh.
Yes but if you're not here you wo n't will you?

On my daughter's wedding day ten thousand pounds I'll give away.
On second thoughts I think it best to put it back in the old oak chest.
Normal.
Some folk sing opera, some folk sing jazz, some sing like sawing wood, I sing like that.
But when the dickie birds sing in the trees I think we ought to try and sing like these.
Let's all sing like the birds can sing.
tweet tweet tweet, tweet tweet.
come from there.
Ooh I think I like yours the best, this is a bit heavy.
It looks like rain or snow.
Well you'd better leave it off then for now.
Well if it's better for you I should.
Not much, I would n't have thought much, it's elastic.
Look in the doctors ' book, it might tell you how long you have to suffer.
Mm.
A bit of shopping, yeah.
Unless we go on the bus.
Do they go on a Sunday still?
Mm.
How, you know the last time you saw the doctor, how long did he say you'd got before it completely.
Mm.
You're not supposed to speak with your mouth full.
Is this your handkerchief on the floor?
Is this your handkerchief on the floor here?
Mm.
Yeah, please.
Well I'll have three then wo n't I?
Now it's going now.
Everything you say now records on there.
What I'm saying now is, is on there, all what I'm saying.
And do you know, I said to Evelyn blimey my voice, ai n't it different, it sounds a awfully different to y her voice.
Jackie any of your grandchildren look like that?
Mm yeah, that's mother and me.
Talk about I reckon that, er Evelyn's niece said er I said that's how they used to dress boys, I said ho she said why I said probably.

Oh, sorry.
Do you want the?
I went to the er er fourteens and er I was there quite a while and er I, I got a booklet in with all different nationalities and er it said Welsh, Taffy, you see, Taffy is Welsh, up here, is a Welsh name.
And er I was showing it to chap next to me, tall chap, he took a fatherly interest in showing me how to work you know when foreman was out and er ooh he said there's a bloody Taffy.
Well fo a at sixteen I went into the department that built the machines and er I was, I think it was bell was going for lunchtime and a lad come by says hello Taffy how you going on in here?
So that department got it.
And then er.
er I we I think somebody were crossing the were n't they?
When we were first married and coming across there then he says blimey Taffy what you doing up here?
And n now everybody's got it.
And that's why I put that in.
What do you make of that Tom?
No the bit about the machine.
No when they.
wanted, they wanted a machine for an exhibition.
and er I spent a week nearly doing it up.
I'm looking for the German U boats, when er that's the beginning of the German U boat.
Evelyn took some of these with her little camera and it were n't very good.
That's er the mystery one Ian took.
But I took some better ones.
Shows you what they was up to, aye that's it.
Look at that then Tom.
That's what we was up against.
And that's only one that's only one part of it.
Look.
they had three or four lots.
Have you seen the satellites erm y you know, our satellite places?
I think that's a bad.
that's a bad one.
And that's one, that's one Evelyn took and she got the light in but that's it look.
Ooh quite six, all around a big field.
Yeah.
There you are there they are i in all directions look.
That's only a bit of them.
And that's, that's the fence.
round round where.

It's pictures.
What do you think to the submarines Tom?
They say it was only a part of it, you know, because we only had half an hour, did n't we, there and then.
Well not too long anyway.
I recommend these bus things though, abroad, they were lovely were n't they?
That's Thames is n't it?
Int that the Eiffel Tower?
Not the Th er S yes, the, yes.
What about your Yugoslavia?
What about Bush then?
But mind you he's a bit he's a bit silly, looking back at myself er er three year, or was it two year back, or one?
You know I, I've got a big laurel and it was coming right over what we call the roundabout so I decided to have a go at it.
Well I got some foot long pruners but the branches were hitting our thing and I were doing this and, you know, and now I've got.
a frozen shoulder in each, when I go like that in bed, ooh it's terrible.
And er I thought I can do what I did at forty, and I did it, but look what I've got now.
And that, getting back to Bush, he's doing the same thing is n't it?
He's been jogging, he's doing some footballing.
Yeah it's handy to put up.
Tom.
It's a bit odd is n't it, to say the least.
Yeah.
No it ca n't be can it?
No, no.
Mm.
Well I was out there watering at time scares was on and I had this letter and planes did come over and I laid me ho hosepipe down, I mean you know so he would n't be able.
Yes but why did he say why's my grass greener than everybody else's?
Ah I do n't know.
You say just a comment comment, what about that letter we had?
It seems to be a pain in the neck me cleaning the sometimes there's a lot of dog dirt, on yours as well as mine, and I, I and they were quite er happy to do that, yet it seems to irritate somebody over there.
Still.
What about Mrs?
Breaking her ankle.
Put them on the floor Jackie.
I did n't think they were like that, did you, these satellites?
You know.
Mm.
Well yes you, you know the De Mont the stage and the organ and all that?
It looked just like that.
er and the man was sitting there at a looked like a lot of.
looked like a great big piano, you know, with like the buttons and he were doing this and they've got every country within range on the wa on whatever it was, wall or a gantry, and if that was n't too, too good he, he were doing something and it come up.
And, and, and all, he'd got all countries ' television er going, you know, so you could look at any country at the moment, the moment it was producing.
I thought it were wonderful.
It's er marvellous.
When we were kids we'd never of dreamt of this would we?
Yeah.
they employed.
they employed six thousand people and when the came they all went to Law Street adjacent to the factory so they could walk across to the job and er look at it now, they've smashed it all down, it's gon na be an Asian big store.
It's all been levelled now and taken away and they employed.
six thousand people.
Ah that's, that's the American section.
American United.
We w we was partnerships you see well when our place collapsed they carried on just carried on a bit because they were connected with Japan.
In fact er just before I retired they were saying, you know, my job's obsolete and that, and then and says oh we're opening up a big depot in Japan.
So you see it's gone there you see.
Mm.
Cos I've been silly in the past, I've told Evelyn lots of times and we had a new machine, a rapid na nailer, it er nailed er army sho er soles onto the at five hun it used to do three hundred and fifty nails a minute and we m made one just for I er went out on the road, er to five hundred a minute you see, and er we were building the first half a dozen and er er there's two pawls at the back of the machine.
Ah but th th th there's a rack and w one goes on and holds the horn post up to the boot while it's driven, then it comes out and there's two, one's half a tooth, so it ensures one or the other's in, and they work like that.
So I was spinning the cam round, it had n't got pinned to the shaft, just spinning it round on the shaft and these pawls were doing this and Les, the top one, he went to Kettering and then Don, the next top one, he went to er.
r er Northampton and then finally I went to Rushden, and er this top one,, and his mate come out of the toilet, been for a smoke, and er walking by I said hey Les, look at this, and I spun the cam round and it went bang and stopped dead.
He said well you've got no bloody springs on the pawls, I says so I picked a tin of springs up, we kept it for anybody who wanted a spring for their bike, any spring where, you know the hooks on each end?
Well they broke off in wear and when you was overhauling a machine you'd throw these springs in the tin in case you ever wanted one.
And he said er oh he says er er there's no, your spring's broke.
I s so I showed him this tin full, I says well look they do break do n't they?
Anyway, do you know the easiest, er and at that time five pound were five pound, if I'd've gone to the foreman and then the er.
drawing office, I'd've got five pound on a suggestion.
Anyway in the fullness of time er went to er.
near Kettering, Don went to er Northampton and then finally I went to Rushden and er I'd been there about a year and all of a sudden there was a call in for Shorteners at so I went down on the bike and er what er the one over me who, who was elderly, well was n't over me but he was er he was on my job but the senior man on it he come in, the boss had sent him in to have a look cos the er Shorteners were complaining, and er then they rang up for one of us, he said well I'm not leaving till I've solved this problem so I had to go.
But er all he did was, you know the two pawls that go in and out?
He made a bit of eight inch wire, like er a U piece, and the bar at, bottom bar of the U held the tail so if the springs broke the tails did n't duck under and smash the cam.
It'd smashed the cam and, and the lever and bent the shaft colossal expense at that time.
Now him and his mate says ooh er you, your spring's broke.
Now I were bloody daft, If I'd've gone to the foreman and wanted to put a suggestion in, I, I, I'd've beat sure they were crowing abou when he got but I was first really was n't I?
I, I'd seen it before it happened.
you see, and three more went like that eventually but er he got the dough and that was it.
And Evelyn always says I'm too diffident to push my plate up and.
From the beginning were n't it?
No?
No, no.
But talking about pensions i.
Tal talking about pensions Tom, the chap er cha with the office girls and that and, and checking our expense sheets, he, he er they put a notice on the board you could ante your what, in your pension, you could a put a bit more into it and I were looking at notice and he says ooh he says it's no good for you, he says er w well I told you about it did n't I?
He said ooh he says you wo n't get no more if you retire.
So I mentioned it to Evelyn and, being an office-wallah, you know, and any, any e extra money she were all there, she worked it out says ooh that, it were another ten bob a week you see, well we've been.
we've been glad we've been glad now have n't we er.
Yes but we're glad now.
Do you reckon the er.
Er er do you reckon we ought to have had, you kn you know we went over to gas, I toyed with the idea of fetching that do you know, you know when this house were built we went looking at a depot where they've got all these grates and I took th funnily enough I took the measurements of the breast and er the only one we found was just that dead on look, right across.
Oh ye yes, yes it's still going.
Tape and.
well we sha n't finish that lot shall we at this rate?
You ca n't very well go in a pub can you?
I er.
No.
Mm.
Have another drink Tom?
Go on.
Tom, here you are then Tom.
Have a whisky.
Oh I, I do n't want to do n't want to butt in Tom.
Ah never mind about it, what about with his new car?
E Evelyn.
Do you reckon he's given, th there's been a lot of er goings er to-ings and from-ings, do you reckon they've had a whip round?
Well there's been no end, there's been no end to it.
Funnily, funnily enough he, funnily enough his car's on that picture.
Have you noticed how he, he creeps that bit, he you know, he, he do n't keep back he, he just he gets just that bit behind the.
you know?
The road intrigues me Tom.
how clean it looks and the, you know the marks, those black marks, they're the joints of the concrete where they.
You know they kept.
But I was struck, I was struck by the frame.
I think that frame's worth it these days, I.
I, but I reckon you've got a bit of money in the fra in the frame.
Cos I was.
She seemed to know about it.
And it's funny they came together and she, she pushed.
in while I were with the other chap.
Well.
But, but I had more to do with her than Evelyn but er from what little bits I've gleaned, you know, er I'm a bit into everything like, and I seem to think, I've got a f strange feeling that she's something to do with education and they're worried about children not speaking properly eventu.
Le let me finish.
Er eventually they wo n't speak real English, with all this Asian kids in now al all the Asian children have got ta go in any school have n't they and th everything, well sooner or later er this mixture of languages is gon na spoil the English language is n't it?
Bound to.
Non ra er non English, yeah.
Do you look at er C Cilla?
Do you ever look at this Cilla er Blind Date?
Did you see t what do you make of that blackie with that lovely lovely young girl, pretty as a picture, and he were doing this round her and leaning back, and his great big lips ooh ooh!
Well if you were if she were your daughter Jackie what would you have thought?
Well we we're not against, we're not against coloureds, the fact that er.
you, you want to keep your race, i if you've got a an alsatian or a, a bulldog, you do n't mix it with a some o you keep them, another bulldog with it do n't you?
And breed your bulldogs else you lose your race do n't you?
Sometimes on the television the, the.
they were showing something and er one of the er Asian lads says ooh I'm English now, and his mate says no you're not, you're British.
This were in a school playground.
Course being at home all day you see we see these things.
Well he'd got a seven year old girl copying him had n't he?
I reckon he'd taught I reckon he'd taught her do n't you?
She were doing all this that and i the audience was screaming were n't they?
But she'd got it off though had n't she?
Ooh that was grand.
We did, we did the Merry Widow and we had, th the Gazettes they're called, th the Gazettes and er they used to come out the wings with all this, you know?
And as they run in er and I always thought it was the best of the show.
Mm.
But these were very fat were n't they?
Made it more funny.
I like all the old silent er not silent, all the old talkies, you know the old black and white.
Well Evelyn me, she has this Alf Garnett on, I do n't know why cos she, she's a bit particular but Alf Garnett's beyond the pale.
and he swears and shouts.
I said turn it down, you'll upset Tom and Jackie.
Oh you have to laugh do n't you, at some of them.
Do you reckon there is anything on that damn cloud up there?
I, I look at these science things where, you know, they're sending these things, America's sending them, it's been going for two year thousands of miles an hour, you know, probably a minute er and the as the man came over who went to the moon, the top man, to lecture and he was asked innumerable questions and one was do you think there's anything up there?
He says well, I do n't think.
keep waving your hands about at the window the pigeons will be conspicuous by their absence.
You know what Glen said on the moon.
They asked him what he missed the most, he said the birds.
Well you'll miss them if they go away.
They're not.
Oh no I'm not hungry at all.

I do n't know why you always have so many procedures remain in does it?
We're not going to go out at all then today?
What was like an ice box?
Well that's because the garage.
You must have had the window open.
Quite cold is the phrase.
I said quite cold is the phrase, not ever so cold.
You'll have to go back to the nursery.
I'd show the kids a thing or two.
What?
Mm?
What do they do with it?
Oh I see.
Yes, oh they listen to it.
Yes but you can tape.
Oh aye I see what you.
Mm.
Anyway it was only a small.
Well do you want any tapes doing.
Mm.
Completed.
another box.
Or or no I can make that higher.
Mm.
Well does that really matter?
I've never timed an egg in my life.
Well I have done in in the past.
Remember that landlady at Rushden.
She said if you're not coming home for if you're not coming home for dinner I'll boil you an egg.
you want something substantial.
If that's what you call, I, I told mother, I said if that's what they call substantial in Northamptonshire they do n't live very well.
What the hell's it good going with nothing on it?
It is now!
But it was n't when you when was in the kitchen and I was on my own.
Who could I talk to?
You're er getting obstreperous.
Yes.
Yes dear.
Bring on the dancing girls.
have bacon.
A large lunch.
A large lunch.
At eighty two you're ready for the off.
We've not got the er we have n't got any burnt offerings er.
No.
Just right.
Has got a poultry farm?
I'm doing that all the time.
No I do n't, I swing across and hit your.
It's not that.
It's.
tell you anything.
It's careless, I go over look.
Yours worked when you married me.
No.
Birds have gone you see, they have what they want and then go.
Well a bit cos the other's in the the garden shed, you know, with the seed and that.
had to climb over your.
Well I just slung it in, I clear passage i into the garage.
It went on the bench and it went on the floor.
You always like the Is and Ts crossed.
What's for lunch anyway?
Oh yeah.
Mm.
Mm.
Do they come from Seville?
Ah I know what they say but do they come from.
Your Madge is too fastidious.
Is n't she?
no.
He ha he has a white coll a big collar round his neck.
Also he's very big.
One pigeon's eating the potato I threw out yesterday.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
Did?
Well ai n't we all?
Mm?
Mm.
Somewhere else, aye.
They would n't go over to Birmingham.
Well Look at my firm.
Razed it.
razed it to the ground.
Bring the tea in Evelyn.
Well j yes.
just, just, just a taste.
Look the f fog is getting thick.
Well the trees are.
Take this marmalade knife before it gets.
Well it's supposed to be on the mat but er you've moved it.
You pushed it aside dear, like you push me aside.
You told me what?
Wh why?
Oh were were they coming then?
Well I suppose not.
It says remember to press record but I see no record on there.
Oh it is it's, it's at the top, mm.
Yeah.
Yes, show.
No er it were the record.
I do n't remember seeing it written but you see it's, it's not.
you do n't really look at that at along.
Well.
The original.
It's marmalade I think.
I dropped some.
marmalade.
still in my saucer.
Has Vince got it or only Cath?
The flu.
What about Timothy?
Mm.
Who told you did Cath te tell you?
I did n't know.
Mm.
Who was she?
Your old schoolteacher?
Oh.
Oh aye.
Well you had so many girl er names.
You were reliving the past.
Do you ever see me in er.
Oh yes you blank me off then when you go to sleep.
Mm.
What did they do when they got there?
Mm.
I used to think dreams, you sort of stored in your mind, you know, cos as a lad I did er sle once or twice sleep walk and er at lunchtimes they used to delegate er when you was on your last half year they used to delegate one every day to pick.
to pick up the lunch papers and er anyway one, one night I was wa walking across and er my dad called out what you doing?
What you doing?
And er I said I'm going to pick the papers up, he said get back into bed.
and I, I remember mother saying oh we should n't wake them when they're.
and the, the second sleep walk was I came down the stairs er they were having supper, of course when I was very young we went to bed early er I come down the stairs and opened the door and then I woke up.
And they're the only two, yes please, they're the only two times that I recall sleep walking.
What it is, er they say it's an o o overactive brain do n't they?
Do you think it's what, when you use what you've stored in there, bringing it back?
Sometimes you dream things that you've never sort of c Have you finished with engines?
Gon na say it's.
marmalade.
It's sticky.
Well.
Er.
Well you it's rushing me are n't you?
Well you could've washed the marmalade out while you were s out the saucer.
It dropped in off the spoon.
You always want the Ts crossing and the Is done.
Yes dear.
Oh it's about the same.
Off and on.
Well it's, more or less is.
About the same as yesterday I meant.
Oh well it looks like being frosty Friday does n't it?
Too many I'm afraid, those thin ones.
Yes there's a blind spot in everyone's mind int there?
And I'd thought they'd be, suffice.
They're too flimsy.
They do, they flex too much.
waft about.
Well I shall want something because there are all those French photographs I've got.
Yeah I expect we'll.
Everywhere's dead, no movement is there now?
Well I never used to, did you?
Yeah you're talking about a dream, because er in my mind I can hear George now in a bar lounge I walked in, he was with two of his mates and we got talking, he said here's my, this is m he used to say Chip then, you know, George did this is my young Chip he said he goes to work in the middle of the night.
You see painters could n't start till nine, till the sun got up you know to.
they had to go round with a blow lamp to get the frost and the dew in those big houses.
Cos I said to young George, his son, I said he came when I was painting the sills and I says what do you do when it's frosty when you start to work?
Oh we just go along with a blow lamp.
. Suppose it's one way is n't it?
I do n't think they should.
Oh yeah.
He's got a white collar you see and also he's very big.
very fat o obese.
Well.
it's got feelings like anything else, he wants to live.
Looks as if they've cleared it all up, he's looking all around.
There were n't all that many came either.
You exaggerate so.
Yes you do.
You sound just like my wife at times.
Are you glad you married me?
Hmm you did n't sound too very enthusiastic.
Wonder how you'd've got on with our Bill.
I doubt it.
Very mean.
He was a r a r a rare one for getting little sharp digs in was n't he?
We went in the Gra Grand just done the lounge at the Grand and when we had our first car and I went round to see mother and I said come on, we'll go up to the, take you up to the Grand and have a drink.
And we walk in the lounge and they've got two foot round copper covered tables, they'd covered the original with sheet and the the there was only us two and he was polishing them, you know, getting them ready.
Bill says you love d er cleaning those do n't you?
And he were gon na make something of it, the barman, you know?
He always got these nasty little digs in.
Are you coming back?
Good.
Have we had seconds?
Mm have we had seconds?
No I just wondered that's all.
You think, you think er you think I'm a good trencherman then, look.
eh?
I might as well if you.
if you insist.
Hurry up and put it on there I do n't want to stand with these forever.
There's one on the ta on.
Did n't know we had one.
No I did n't, not recently anyway.
Tatty old thing.
You could have fooled me.
What are you going to do now?
Clean the kitchen?
Well I do n't know, they're around somewhere.
Ooh!
Ooh!
Ooh!
Ooh!
Right.
we shall want two boxes then sha n't we?
Mm.
Gon na sort the albums out first, one to two.
Yeah I have, yeah, but they're all numbered.
Yes.
I want.
Number one.
Well that's.
that's.
Yes then when you go on another holiday you've got ta fetch all of them out, shove them under the bottom.
You start at one.
er listen, you start at one and we get to a hundred and four.
and er, if you do it the other way.
Yes I know but when you come to put a another one on you've got ta lift them all out.
I always do.
Have n't I?
Where's that one where there's a long one ai n't there of er with you er the whole.
one of the whole set.
Yeah I shall have to.
Did n't know we'd got so many, did you?
Yeah, right, what I'm after is that set one.
No let's get it er put these in first.
No you.
you er.
Yes I think those are, well that's the top.
that'll go on the top.
number one, well you get washing done and then you can come in when your hands are clean.
Well.
Oh mhm.
Seems to have.
What will you be doing today then?
No.
Course we was gon na show Tom and Madge the, that er aerial view of the house.
Time for that, mm, besides it, there might be a lot of salt about.
Well it's not that, i it's so they they like to get rid of it for the summer and i if there's a sign of a bit of frost out they all come, shoving it onto the road and rotting everybody's cars.
No it's s spitting with rain.
Just like, well more like fog really.
Oh dear.
Put it in the stove, that'll thaw it.
Well must we have chicken?
Best bread and dripping.
The butchers.
Yeah I used to like their pork er dripping.
I used to like Cocklin's pork dripping.
Burnt chicken.
chicken fricassee.
er lightly done kippers on one side.
Boiled will do.
What, do you mean?
No.
We could have a banana souffle.
Well it depends on you, if you're not going out it's.
There's er one of the pigeons I shall have to go and put some seed down.
Er.
well if you have that bookcase in my room that a bit wobbly.
Well I could screw it to the wall.
It is a glass cupboard.
Er.
What about the chest, empty the chest?
Well I should have thought so.
Oh.
Yeah right at the back.

Hey hundred and eleven.
That's only for the index if you want to get one out.
Er well.
I've got all that.
Got all the.
What are we up to date, a hundred and four?
La Rochelle.
La Rochelle.
How do you mean another seven?
Oh I see what you mean, er only to write on there.
You would but I do n't.
And another thing you see they're not as long as look, look.
they've cut them short.
I know but look yes but they've cut them short.
Shorter.
Well I could ca n't I?
Those.
look all over the look.
Oh yeah,.
Yeah.
But it's er well it do n't matter, put a number on and look for it.
Hundred and seven.
Hundred and eight, hundred and nine.
Well that's alright, we're hundred and ten.
On this?
Well that's.
Yeah.
Hundred and eight, hundred and nine hundred and ten.
Eh?
No not particularly.
Yeah.
Do n't know I'm just going to sort them out when I get this card This is lovely board this one is.
Well we still can ca n't we?
Why not?
Well do n't stand on anything.
Yes, or something stronger.
Er show me the menu.
Well, coffee then.
With a dash.
Coffee and a dash.
Yeah.
From now on it's.
No.
They're all i in the throwing, I throw nothing away.
I do n't throw anything away.
Which one's that?
Yes but i, well it's an easy ride and I'd go there.
Int it?
Abu Dhabi?
We, well which.
Oh er the second one.
The second one we went to?
Well, if that's your choice, it's your choice.
Who am I to de descent against it.
From the Christmas decorations.
From under the Welsh dresser I suppose.
Well I thought you'd never ask!
No.
Well yo, I wanted to make you a timer.
Yo, we got plenty of clocks we can plug in from.
Well it were u under there with more of the rubble, so I brought it out to flatten it if I could but.
No, it's a garden int it?
The beginning of the garden.
Pity that!
Shows you how I made it you see, but now.
I've got no record of it.
Unless we got the, probably got another film somewhere.
We.
we.
we never throw any away.
I'll have look one day.
Well we had a lot to do did n't we?
What with the stage and do n't you remember I used to come home Sa Saturday afternoon then start digging?
Do you remember?
No.
Well you, I went on the stage Saturday morning, then I used to come home to have my lunch and start digging.
Well I looked through all that stuff when I cleared up this morning.
Yeah.
That was n't fitted.
I wo, could have been off there to get it in and I've cut it somewhere.
But if I pull it off it'll tear.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well it wo n't look the same, but still.
Ha!
Well clear it out then and throw away what you do n't want, that's.
That's what I do.
That's what I often do, is clear mine out and.
throw stuff away I do n't want.
Yes.
I.
know but the then you you run out like that.
You just run out to the corners.
Cut th soon see ca n't we?
No, I got my knife here.
What are you looking for now?
There's two boxes of paints under there.
I bet they'll have gone home now do n't you?
Well we had some did n't we a long while and.
Yeah.
Yeah, I know.
I wonder that times without.
One thing or another.
Yeah cos with the.
Oh they were superfluous to requirements I suppose.
You did n't look in the right place did you?
Yes I know you would.
Well I I should hate to have been your girls in the office!
Well I know that if I was at work.
I worked to my own initiative and it.
it always succeeded!
I'll re-phrase that.
Did n't like anybody telling me what to do.
Which you're very good at!
Do you.
like being bossy-boots?
There you are then, that's your shelf.
But I mean cos that was a more or less was n't it?
A bus ride away.
That's.
Well.
well we should put a lot in a box that.
Where's my.
Anything on is there?
Anything.
Yes please.
Any films.
to watch?
Well spoil my dinner but.
No.
no.
Yeah?
What, on there?
Was it?
Nineteen fifty.
See how smart that's on!
I I do n't scratch out like you do with the.
Well, I can still put it number ten were n't it?
Oh, we'll leave that till we count them out.
Not necessarily so.
So it was one.
that.
Right.
Give me sa, another colour and differentiate it.
Yes, but I did n't want to wash it.
See, see what I mean about the board, it you know with the.
That looks a lot better now does n't it?
What were we on er.
just wondering how yo do the what's her name?
Then getting one of those ones.
Well you see.
Well, I'll clear.
it up if you like.
Just see what we got.
But I'll surely use some better card than this.
Well.
that clears it up actually.
Your grandchildren.
Or I might get some card and stick to it.
To the back and, and then paint on that.
Well anyway, shall have to go and put that up.
Make that the blue ones.
Er, one hundred and eleven.
No, cos I might put another piece, another.
on.
That looks very.
Get a bit of thicker board and er, stick it paste it like you would the walls.
Yeah.
See it's still thin when you got two of those.
I've just told you, I got ta wait till I get a bit of thicker board!
That's the er.

Oh!
What?
The thing is, we ordered it went back in the afternoon and it was cut and put on the side, I had to have it did n't I?
If they'd have shown me a bit to, when we first went I would n't have ordered it.
That's where they fobbed us.
And we, I think we did take some with us did n't we?
Or just measurement?
Well.
Well I thought.
I thought as we're going to look at it.
But you see, when it was all there cut what could I do about it?
Could n't say, ooh I'm not having it now could you?
order.
It was another shop I went to.
No I did n't.
But that's, that's all the all what we got is in there.
This, this is er, inch and half too short or else this would have done the.
Well.
Well we'll keep it here.
Is it still running?
I see.
Oh yeah.
Well what time do you want me to finish?
There's biggie on the roundabout.
Kids having.
see the kids having a look when it, you know, you watch.
No, we'll go together then.
Mm.
Mhm.
Well you said you wo ordered one for another place.
Yeah.
Well jus er you see already cut it, therefore it had gone.
If he'd showed us some we would n't have even had it cut.
Mm.
Just looked at it, cos we got that this time.
Mm.
Them all.
Well, you could have asked me could n't you?
You do n't want this milk thing here?
Er,?
Oh!
Yeah.
Here's that thing, here's your pu stamps.
Told you I'd.
seen them.
Told you I'd seen them.
Well you.
you wo n't do it again will you?
Should n't be among my paintings then!
Yeah.
Too handy!
That's alright they'll just lay in the top.
Well that'll do for a minute so I can use it.

I got ta pack in something or, you know, I.
was.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know when I brought my board in, I probably had that to prop it up while er.
I'll.
No I've done my, save the.
Yeah.
I'll wait for a bit, you know.
That.
er.
Well these are, yeah.
Yep.
Do you want your room like that?
Look at that for a stage I was gon na.
do that.
Yo, we took your curtains off the front room.
Mm.
Yeah I will do.
Yeah.
Yeah, there's rubbish.
See I save these bits, but er never gon na use them.
these were for our spot, look!
Oh yeah!
That's like mine's, front room.
Oh look!
This is it.
That's it.
That was with.
What?
Slides.
Do n't want it now do we?
Oh!
Oh er, well I'll take them all in the brass box.
That's got ta go in the.
Mm.
Mm.
Leave those there I'll take them up with me.
What are they?
Got ta go in there.
Well, that lid on there can it be used though?
But it's also if you got, if you ai n't.
got one on the end it keeps the dirt off.
Er that can go on there then ca n't it?
Oh!
There's the one I were looking for.
Put that on there.
That's er, the one I remember play, remember.
No, but you, did n't have all the others up.
I mean er.
That's going in the album.
Er, you know where you're sitting?
You know you.
that's the, under the.
They can go in the garage ca n't they?
Er.
Oh well I er, I shall leave them there.
Do you want that painted?
Yeah.
That's right.
And yo, and that's all on.
After I've finished one I bet there's another and tha, and then there's that.
Did n't want, er, did n't want no more do we?
Still we're still way in but.
That's it that on telly.
And there where you were running al, along with we were running along the chimney with burning la, to warm us hands.
Yeah, I want that in the.
with the.
I often do.
Back of that chair.
But surely.
I just found it.
Yeah but co.
I find them eventually.
Better take them all back then.
Well if you want them out the way then take them back.
They never rung any more about that one they said you.
They must have found it.
Whoever took it out of there I suppose.
Off of er.
Yeah.
I'll have to write to them.
Oh yeah!
puts, puts it on.
Puts it on the drive now, it's er.
so perhaps he feel it.
It'll be alright.
Ah but then aga, but then again if you do n't lean against it he says.
Another thing against it if he'll get three ca, he'll have wo, his on the drive and he'll be able to park two cars on ours.
Still, and as they only do it every Good Friday it do n't.
They've buffed their wheels on again.
Well.
Two, two fifteen King of the Wind.
Buffalo Bill's on at quarter past twelve.
No.
on a plate.
Yes.
Well it ai n't as good a.
It's a bit thirsty.
Anyway, let's er.
Oh, well they're going around now.
Thank them for the.
thank them for the contributions.
Well you, do you think so?
Martini.
Evelyn!
Evelyn!
Evelyn!
Yeah, that's alright then.
Oh you done some?
Twelve o'clock.
Here it is!
Er, two fifty, Spain, Spain!
International cuisine.
Cu cu cuisine.
And then there's a.
Er, Those Were the Days somewhere, I ca n't pi pick it up now.
Oh yes!
Sky News.
Those Were the Days, four thirty.
Oh!
Unless you wan na have a look at that, eleven thirty, that's now Holiday Destinations.
Plan your holiday for the new year.
It's on now.
Twelve thirty to er.
er.
No.
Eleven thirty to twelve thirty.
Well yo are n't you interested then?
No.
You do n't have to go in there and get.
Anyway these.
these plugs have been left on again.
You er, you were the last up.
You were last up were n't you?
Sky.
Sky.
Yeah, I thi, yeah.
No.
Show it up if people had done all of it with it, but now it does n't look in with it yet.
Yeah.
Dead head them?
Ah!
I'll do.
I'll do that.

Trouble is, down at the dra, they're dry we have n't been watering them for.
Yeah?
But.
cold weather they've froze the roots.
Four thirty, er, Those Were the.
Those Were the Days.
Sky.
Nothing particular.
Just seeing what's on the oh that er Argentine thing.
Well, I thought that Argentine.
thing would come on.
Yes, but we've had several frosty weeks ai n't we?
I've been figuring out S, A and B, wha why you ha, you have to start, you know, then I realise it's but you got ta put it in the way it's ready to er record have n't.
you?
Mm.
It's not, it's not on the.

Well it's nothing to do with the working really, ma, it's the fact that they with A facing you the spool is ready to run.
And then, put it the other way i if there were nothing that side you'd have to put it on B because that's ready to run.
It depends on which side you start you see.
Oh!
Well I mean it's nothing to do with the.
mechanism of it, so.
the fact whether, one side is full, the spool you're going to wind on is right for recording.
Ah, and like.
Mm.
Mm.
Not hungry at all really, I.
such a big breakfast.
Well, you know what my landlady said if you want something substantial I'll boil you and egg.
They we, they were doing three days a week in the town.
Yeah.
Mm.
That's, that's that's what Kath thought.
We were having to make ends meet.
Well I'm saying what Kath's.
worrying about, not what I'm worrying about!
Well.
Why did she say that?
Oh.
She had the.
Yes, but Kath's jokes have a sharp cutting edge.
to them.
My jokes are soft and er.
There used to be a cafe, a cute; the er you used to go in and have a cup of tea and that and yo, he started selling jam, pots of jam with they had him in court, it was er it had fell off a lorry and he was selling it a bit cheap and er he were telling us about it.
I says, what th, he said, he said, well I've I told the judge everybody's got two jobs, he says he said to the judge, you've got two jobs.
Course he were right were n't he!
Well they wanted to know why as he was just running a cafe, a cute; why he was selling jams.
Of course, where did he get the jam from?
It fell off the lorry.
I thought they'd find them sixty odd.
About er, redecorated Mrs house.
Put.
chair rail up and encruster.
It would n't stick.
Saturday afternoon, I ought to have been at home it was three o'clock and I should have been at er, in Leicester then.
There I was trying to get the encruster to stick.
A and then there were no trains.
I got home about nine at night.
Things I'll do for people!
Oh it was useless!
She did some good er.
things.
I were there about eight years ago.
Oh, the sliding door!
Oh that just wants fitting that's all.
Atmosphere.
Well, got ta be easy one hand you get the pots in.
Yes.
Is Madge and Tom clear of fu, flu?
Lo, mm.
Did they go to the.
doctor?
Mm.
What a big chap.
like him?
Oh!
Bigger the bigger.
The bigger they are, the harder they fall do n't they?
Mhm.
Well my only deficiency in a temper.
It depends whether I'm interested or not.
I reckon you're always peering over my shoulder!
Never studied the question really.
Do you want this stopping now?
Well you're going out!
Not gon na talk to myself!
Yeah, yeah well er thirty two minutes of hush hush.
Sing a song.
Shall I sing a song?
Ooh yes!
Keep them coming!
Keep coming.
The glass house at the?
Did he buy it or did the agents?
Up the.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What do you mean summer?
What you on about?

It's just shelters.
But.
No.
That, you see that privet, that's not the end of his garden because it's foreshortened.
The only.
All that lot?
No, they're not!
Oh!
Oh!
So it's, this is our garden.
that's shelters there.
And then the.
Aye, he's got one.
I see what.
you mean.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
Well it is now.
Er, the baskets not ready.
That er.
Mm.
Mm.
And there's the wheelie bin just inside that.
Mm mm.
I'll get it ready to go out at.
Mm.
It's his garage.
Yeah.
And tha and that's.
When we were talking to the builders tha he were putting that in.
Er da, almost a about to.
He practically did that.
Mm.
Mm.
To the, oh no that's the.
In the front.
Yeah, there.
Yeah, that's that bit.
Oh yeah, he used to climb on that, to get on the garage to er, shout.
down.
at your.
This one's more dry than that.
Well and that's all but.
and that and that.
Oh they've still got building that, look at the rumble, rubble.
I told you.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well they went on about our spots then wo n't they?
Oh.
New, new thing like.
I like it very much those hou.
I mean er if er, anybody ever takes this over when I'm gone and you sell it.
er, you co you could sell this with the house.
Of course.
At times we do n't have it.
Or er, keep it yourself.
Mm.
Well er, I'll see to it one day.
Mm mm.
That's side A int it?
Oh yes, we turned it round.
Yeah.
What, cos they got er.
Snuffley.
No.
Pity about that is n't it?
Cos they could have come up and looked at that.
Mm.
Er.
Yes, you might.
as well.
Might as well.
Ju exac.
exactly as before.
Neither more, neither less.
No differentiation.
Tonic water.
It might do something for me.
That'll do even more.
Okay!
I'll do that.
Yeah.
It's wasting the battery.
Only I ca n't get a chance to study in the meantime.
By the way, the cod liver oil's finished.
Just drank the last, er, there might be a shade.
in.
Mm.
Machine and power tools, how to use them.
Ah?
Yeah.
What?
No, I had it last week, this.
Friday you.

They're all much alike.
I get that one.
Leave it for the beneficiaries.
Yeah.
I've seen them before.
Well it's.
dove dirt I think.
Well tha, the only thing I, when I walk across the green, the only thing I see is dove dirt.
It might be.
perhaps it's Kitty Cat twice removed!
Mm.
I can see them through the reflection.
If I see one drop th they they circle and if one drops they go down too.
Lovely machines they got out now!
Look, that's a planer.
French.
No, but I mean they do it the easy way the.
professionals.
They do n't do it the hard way.
Well it's nice!
Very nice!
I like it!
Mm.
Breaking bits of concrete.
You know that wheel on, last made with a band of emery on.
around the things look, you see if you're doing a curve he's got electric drill with a round bobbin in, but mine's on a shaft, the bit, for when and also, there's my sander disc.
Supposed to push that up to it and yo, your dead square and clean.
Well when you saw it without that after you've sawn it you've got ta.
square it off and file it and that does it in seconds!
So you just put it on your in that steel table I made.
push it straight through it to till it's done.
And er.
I suppose you should you sho, push it with a stick by the saw so you do n't get your fingers in.
It is.
What made you think it was n't?
Well it's going round.
The.
lights on.
Not really.
Election.
And all of them can only do just carry on, the money's not there, it's not there is it?
Mm.
Very nice!
Up to scratch.
It's a refreshing change int it, plu plum puddings?
Well.
Had it have been yesterday it was plum puddings cos they.
put plums in.
Oh.
No.
Well she would n't tell you if she had would she, really?
Unless you ask.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Well I'd tell you.
Did she have the flu then?
Mm?
Mm.
Oh yeah!
Well Madge did did n't she?
Madge did.
Mm.
Well she works hard does n't she?
Dashing about.
Did Joan get any, er or is she sta erm is she, is she sure to remain in a constant, neither better nor worse?
But.
in other words Peter's sort of stuck with it is n't he?
Mm.
Well, I was always the nervous type.
Being a nervous type.
What would you say?
Why would n't you say I was a nervous type?
Er, what conclusion has it come from?
What do I do with the big things?
Deal with them as they come up?
Deal with it as it comes on.
How's Muriel then?
What's she.
Ca n't see what she sees in her cousins though can you?
All.
Mhm.
I would n't know my cousins fir christian names now!
Oh well that's yo.
Ah but that's er, Vi's side is n't it?
Well I mean Lawrence.
Oh yeah!
Mm.
The eldest.
It's a rum do life int it?
You're born, you suffer, and you die!
Oh!
Have I?
Oh!
Oh that goes immediately.
with that.
It's yo, well if you hold your breath you you sort of do n't I found out you do n't get the fla, yo fla, you ca n't taste it, you sort of clench yourself and you do n't taste.
That's quite easy to perform.
Might as well.
It might do something for me.
No.
Oh, I could take them.
We used to take handful at Powerjets but they said.
it used to be known as it was a war do, war factory but you cut them open it were nearly all casing.
They were er little.
Yeah.
But ca, pe, I drink it out the bottle and that's the best.
Pour it in a glass and look at it, or a spoon but pour it out the bottle, hold your breath and Bob's your uncle!
It's gone down!
People talk about they ca n't take it, that's poppycock!
I did do in the front, er, yes.
Well it's still winter is n't it?
You reckon?
Finish?
I'm just taking them out into.
do n't you?
How do you feel after last night?
Yeah.
I wonder what possessed you?
I say, I wonder what possessed you?
That's a bug.
I never went though did you?
Oh!
Well it's what you want with your arm int it?
Rest and more rest.
Oh!
You wo n't be able to.
you wo n't be able to keep hurting it though, eh?
Will it be always like that then?
Does Marge ever say.
More like it's the aftermath of the break.
Well it's the.
the silliest.
silliest thing to happen is n't it, really?
Well I re, I noticed you the other er, last time we went anywhere it you look one way and walk another!
Yes, and therefore it happens, you tread on something and Bob's your uncle!
You should always look where you're treading I was told!
And that was mainly for dog dirt but now it's for other hazards int it?
Which one?
Oh!
Never bothered to do it, there's plenty of other clocks to look at.
Tell me what this one is compared to Madge's?
I could tell you.
This is one about wo, er one thirty three in the.
That clock's right then.
I know most things obtrusively.
Which you never give me credit for.
Have to do all the scenery.
but I never pushed in and stood on the stage, look I've done all this!
Some would.
I've seen them do it!
Is it that one?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Ca n't be that hungry then are they?
Yeah!
I went.
Well you can have tomorrow off.
Sky looks full again does n't it?
You always say that.
What's the time, two?
Oh!
What?
Oh!
Oh it's going a bit misty int it?
Oh if it starts working its do.
Do you want some more spectacles?
no, you are those.
no, you have.
no they go off.
any way I want.
they would n't now.
well no there.
will be no point would there?
not all of it.
well there always is i n't there?
mm.
mm.
Trouble is its too fast too close in it? all the time.
I do n't see how any one doing sixty can be three or four feet from another's bumper can you?
I reckon somebody.
well its been on the road.
its never done that before has he?
perhaps somebody did n't like, perhaps he told somebody to stay there as long as he likes.
they showed him he could n't.
I mean he had it brought from somewhere did n't he?
I suppose there he he did n't like to leave it the way, the way it was done.
Oh, we can see it from back room now ca n't we?
yeah.
oh no, but there's plenty of lights.
It looks as if their all coming back, their all coming from the shops where their usually their going.
well say when you look at that picture its just a bit er unusual i n't it?
he must of come low to took that must n't he?
Tom seemed to think he come low last night.
mm.
well there is that would n't taken him went off to the ch.
the, the leaves would be off would n't they?
about that time, mm.
yeah.
the front has n't been, all their rubble still on the front.
yeah.
can tell his white brick work, that were only done last year was n't it?
mm.
eh, it were that lady come quick and he.
he went off quick.
mm.
I was too busy looking at the picture and the frame.
I were weighing up the value of the frame.
I like the frame though very much.
its some moulding like that.
I bet the mouldings very dear.
cos you know that black stuff well, well that was four pounds was n't it that length?
yeah, summat like that were n't it?
oh we'll have a look then sometime.
so if you do n't get it.
I if you do n't bring wood worm with it.
mm, mm.
we've got a, got a picture of those just, er, with er you know with the flowers on, so be, really wan na is to make them back to the original, see they had nowt frames and I cut it up but.
yeah, oh well I did for quite a while.
but there was in the coal, well they looked a bit heavy on the wall.
you want a big room really do n't.
yeah.
well there just cast your look, but I think cos of the frame was a modern looking.
yeah I do n't think he looked at these last too much.
they, those people do n't like it altered in any way do they?
no, I'm sure the landlord I'll.
his entitled to the.
in he?
well that one is and the one in there.
well the one in there is.
nick knacks.
well as far as that stoat did n't offer them any thing because they, a chap about forty he reached it.
it was, it was all tough weather scale of six, on, you know, and I said what, how much is that up there?, and he said ten shillings, I said a little bit dear i n't it?, cos ten shilling then was ten shilling.
and he says su its a good buy even for that says, it, you know, its a hundred years old, oh well he says it was continental, but er.
no well he knew what he were looking for, something worth when you think.
I bet they come across it as well.
what about those painti, that painting before he had the market stall.
it were rolled up in a wood set er cardboard cylinder and it fetched half a million did n't it?
I think it was er.
some painting of some homes in er a desert at night, it had been missing for er nearly a century.
how much was this? mm.
best of it is he had n't taken it out of the.
roll, roll you know the box.
it'd look like that might of been looking in the markets and that.
for that thing.
yeah.
yeah, oh.
she did well to of got them did n't she?
its a pity.
pity, I wonder what if we'd of had those what they would of offered, but they went for sale.
and they only fetched twenty five.
seventy was it?
be, yeah yeah.
they, they also there a dangerously expendable on that corner of.
that shelf would n't they?
er you you'd of knocked them down would n't ya?
yeah.
I will if you so desire.
what the chocolates?
I thought you were going to put them inside here.
I've eat er four some.
well one, one a day I should of thought.
How.
no.
what you say?
Do n't knock your tea over.
have you done it?
you know what's happened in to get in free er this was around there.
do you?
get in free now.
are they gon na give it us then, when they've got it?
I seemed to remember, you know when my school was about.
I seemed to remember he had one and put it at the back of one of his chairs, and.
there's something on the radio and I were commenting on it and then he all of a sudden he played it back, oh, er, it was about then probably.
probably not as good as.
probably dead, most of the people we know are dead are n't they?
mm.
No I'm just right.
yeah, alright.
we shall all end up in the same place.
yeah.
yeah if er.
if, if there's any thing after life do you reckon Hitler's managed it?
mm.
he would of come, yeah.
or George for that matter, it was.
okay I, I get forecast.
no.
well Tom's his own, he can come one day if he wishes.
no he does n't seem bothered about electrics does he? erm tapes and things.
tapes and things.
oh.
tapes them for him.
mm.
why he did n't.
he did n't, he did n't seem to me to be er a mus.
a musical sort of chap, does he you?
why's that?
that so.
what you say?
no I was washing the.
Mm what you like, your choice.
About time I finished that saw i n't there?
well perhaps.
linked it up and used it.
it is really.
oh.
you perhaps took it in there then, for.
mm.
mm, I'll got and have a look in a minute.
mm.
ah, well better take them back after a while then.
The thing is there's millions of books and you do n't see all that many people.
still I suppose you've got to pay the assistant.
a.
did n't know she'd got one.
what?
oh no.
once he starts, its something.
yeah.
I generally enrol.
our Mike said you ca n't beat it, I, he said Cathy's doing look he says Cathy's up there start.
she does nearly five.
should be there on the side with the vase.
and in them.
you shifted them.
mm, might very well have a look.
you mean out of these?
oh.
well you said do n't do it unless.
yeah, well i n't it the same as the other one?
they might play a record you see, might'nt they?
well I ca n't till I've tried out one we've got.
They went a little while ago, apart from that they never came on this end.
possible, I suppose it, the waters always there and they've got a wall at the back.
mm.
ooh.
mm its getting thick in it?
nice to see the front clear.
seem to hang around here like a magnet do n't they?
you never see them across the other side.
have you thought about a holidays?
mm.
would you like a change from Wales then?
mm, what to France?
yeah, its nice in your own car though in it?
only hassle if holiday, big holiday is when everybody's.
we got to Wales quick enough that Sunday did n't we?
so see the thing is if you wanted to go, see, that Sunday half way we did did n't we?, do n't you remember we had to cross the road?
if you put that on a worse bit, but you could and that.
you wo n't like it very much if you.
yes, but none are appropriate.
there are twenty are n't there?
some days they've been about four ah?
I expect had enough sitting around wanted to get back to the bit like mews.
well it ca n't be very pleasant sit up there.
all day, every day, can it?
Well I crashed them up and its er, it ai n't, I made sure those two slices, but they did n't touch them.
well you've.
about any way, so.
its not only children's programme, the young chap said to the bird expert which is the best er potatoes or bread?, oh he says potatoes every time.
see bread has salt in it does n't it?, still potatoes do do n't they?
oh.
what bread?
oh I'll got across the Co-Op for me paper in the morning and get the potatoes from the shop no problem.
yeah, well why ai n't they any good then?
they seem to sell them do n't they?
mm.
how many have you got, another day?
that's alright then.
mm, er, got a bit of revert back to the nice.
that's.
well I've had, had a little of.
mm, give it time I mean its talk, talk, Churchill said jaw, jaw, but you can have too much jaw, jaw, ca n't ya?
Did you read that er a bit about him?
yeah.
says you wo n't like and then.
yes, yeah.
mm and he did n't do so well in his college days did he?
yeah.
no in those days.
no, I did n't bother and next to me.
mm.
well my mother were out working and my dad was non existent.
oh you know the Meccano things?
try to that there was a clip on it, but.
he bought me one for me Christmas, he came at, lo you know, loader with er, what's that in the bar, loader with erm.
when Jesus were born?, any way, this thing clicked on and er, it, I, showed me how to do it and I ai n't got the strength, of course the war was on and there was er people were borrowing cups of sugar and er, probably, any way I could n't clip it, he says oh he said to er mum, oh he says they clip on easily, but I could n't.
the next then we moved from Archlin Lane to Founder Lane, where next Christmas I had Meccano that could screw with screws.
mm I told you about Bill wanting it.
and then after Christmas dinner I built this windmill and mother and I liked it and he said well its only screwed together, I nearly said well you wanted it any way, see, he wanted it and yet cos I got it, it were, any body could have it.
well that's the same thing i n't it?
what that, three, four minutes oh you can put it on if you like.
er, rather throw suspicion that.
its the same thing.
what, what I could do I shall put these on and see what it at, starts and quickly put.
mm.
well its.
well I can get it ready now.
they we are.
Yes very good, is it working?
yes.
well I've read, I seem to remember something about it.
mind you for yea, when old Charles's said we crawled out the sea.
but any then look at it like this.
well it's the stoppage in evolution.
but, er, you look at it like this then, if we did n't crawl out of the sea and er evolve then did we just appear like a flash of lighting.
oh.
we must evolved somehow.
yes, well I used to read a lot of story books, travel avidly and I think I forget all about the author and the story, but I remember one portion where they discovered a depression in the middle of a continent where it was in excess of and they'd grown quite a different specie.
the human, human's, you know I know it's only a story.
eh?, but er.
yes, but they do know, le let's go back a bit further, but they do know at the beginning of the world most of it is water.
so it's quite feasible.
if, if, if it was three quarters water er human's must of been in the water to start with.
well whatever we comes.
I mean we've still got a barren at the back, somebody kicks you at the back on that barren and er in the skeleton that's exactly like the barren in a monkey's tail.
so at one time the theory is we our, we did have a tail.
and then another thing you got.
fin finger nails, well surely millions of years ago they were claws.
then you've got your two prominent teeth, they could of been the tiger's two teeth.
and then there's another theory with your feet, you know that bit of skin between your toes, they claim that was web at one time.
not know, of course there's a, wears away with lack of use, but when you're in the water you want web feet because there.
the water I'll go through your fingers.
this, this skin here.
it's not pronounced in mine, but, some er they say that with where it's gone away, you know, there's all sorts of things that can prove it I mean the obvious thing is we came from somewhere did n't we?, we did n't just drop here with a flash of light and er they've studied plants and other animals and they evolved.
I hope that they, they had had on their own for.
a million years, the plants did.
well, you'd go mad if you tried would n't ya?, like that man said the other week, er, you, human's invented god, well they did did n't they?
yeah, to cut, cut a in that.
and the other thing.
yes I left it there to call off.
well if I've left it there to call off I'm not gon na put it in the case and shove it away.
yes cos you always right, you remind me at the wrong time and the wrong thing.
yes you do oh I was gon na say something, you put me off now.
well you're alr the, point it's greater the things they find it, that er three quarter of the world were water once.
and then there's another thing, yeah, if you like, another thing Evelyn, you know when they give these rock, foss fossils out of rocks.
big sand stone rocks, they find things that fish today er had, had got other pediments that million years back, same thing, but not, not, not the same as they are today, you know, well they must of got hold of it to be different from a million years ago.
those shell fish things they're always on about in they get out the rocks.
ten minutes then.
yes do n't.
true, then there's another thing about religion I've often wondered, they say you go to heaven do n't they? well, so well.
no, but some sort of place, well when, when you look at these pictures now, the satellites been going twelve months, still going through.
well where's heaven then in all that lot?
and how'd, how'd ya get there when you're dead?
well then, why do they carry it all on?
yes, but you talked, listened to a parson on telly, he's convinced what he's saying true, yet it's only what he's been told in it?
with all this killing of children and that and burning them alive with flame throwers, what, what if this higher, high of command, why do n't he interfere.
he did in my case.
well wait in the Cathedral and out.
and prayed, when you left me.
Did Ken a member of church he did n't did he?
oh did Tom leave?
oh they do n't, he do n't believe in it now I do n't think.
mm.
but I mean I went to a church school.
well obviously they were going to teach me religion were n't they?
but you know the breaking up day for the summer holidays and Christmas.
the vicar used to come and sit at the back and, you know, they used to do a little turn, you know play in the bands.
wanted that old, is it, the rag and bone people, you know, rubbish, and er I suppose somebody taught him and er he, he played in that and er you know did the little towns and the vic the vicar used to come and sit at the back, a seat under against, under the window and watch, perhaps he thought he'd er get some little co.
er, yes.
mm.
er, only ice cream if there's any.
not bothered about it really.
no any time.
no it's just.
after Christ after Christmas pudding and chicken thank you.
yes, so now were all digging and sawing and.
no, still full up from the last.
almost if I'd ate it you know, about half an hour ago.
this had a cup of coffee you know and.
yeah, yes I mean cocoa or summat like that.
not really, no.
yeah, they gave you high, what they called a high tea.
their high tea, were n't bothered about high tea, but still, er then, they'd have, they might have a supper because she ai n't been a work, their elderly, they perhaps have a good tea, the they, they went to bed at nine and they said if I was reading something, they said, you know turn the gas out when you come up and, there you are well you can see, if one landlady gave me egg for me lunch that I had n't had, they not, they were n't gon na feed you up at supper time were they?
no, about three month's, just decided to run then the cafe on the corner to cof coffee cavern, well you, you can drop in have a, like you used to have in.
and it about five minutes, five or ten minutes before we left off, actually been doing a great, getting a machine in Jack, we dropped in there for a cup of tea and er I goes in.
mm.
mm.
yeah.
yeah, well not quite like London, but it was.
not a little market country town, village more or less.
Took them all out?
no I'm alright.
no, nothing.
no I did n't, the ice cream, did have a cake.
I had a cake did n't I?
are you having coffee?
okay then.
doing, or did doing, they did for some purpose did n't they?
what we.
the red lights on, should it be?
oh.
oh yeah.
wonder what the weather's going to be like.
did you get the eight o'clock news?
see if that cars gone.
is there another one there?
what on, on our gates?
oh.
mm possible, of course that one could be some way for Jackie's.
could n't it?
but the Asians got his on the drive has n't he?
oh well they're celebrating the collection for his garden.
its that sort of weather.
yes please.
no, its that sort of weather is n't it?
yeah, made a change did n't it?
I think some of them.
not tonight.
not tonight there's.
what you did.
sounded like.
shouting let me know he was there.
oh she got sq.
square face.
she is.
she could be.
she's about the same.
what's tape thirty five?
you said tape thirty five, Judy Dench.
Its a bit hot.
oh I do n't want any done.
about.
its not the right day for pull overs any way.
oh.
well its a bit er.
what's a name a bit blanche, no that's not it, a bit erm.
bland, that's it, bit bland.
mm.
that table never come loose again did it?
oh I er, that's what Peter send cos that's full of soil that erm.
mm.
yes.
yeah.
mm.
dried.
mind you its one thing saying.
its worth and getting it, in it?
mm.
not particularly, not after that cake.
its filling i n't it? who's is it Madge's?
What we doing tomorrow?
washing.
and shouting at.
I do n't accept er fools gladly.

that's what.
I set up the and I like how its done.
until you come along and upset the apple cart.
you get some weird ideas about.
huh, you, you know how many.
you know that twice two are four, huh.
that wo n't that's obviously of won.
that er.
you know in, erm.
oh, er, oh John's Wood, you know that film where the lad played er, sang did n't he?
in that film with Al Jolsen.
he had a boy on, it was boy on, on the front of.
the cinema.
well he lost his voice and he started whistling did n't he with his.
with he, he, I mean he could of beat er, it, could n't he?
that's what I mean if they'd had a good whistler he kept instead of her, could n't he?
yeah.
yeah.
yeah.
yeah, but that's what keeps.
that's what keeps it why its kept so long then, then he said that.
yeah.
yeah.
but er, any thing that's put in the spare room and left, that's when you get wood worm.
and it was where they pinned the er, the, get the lips, the circle.
They even gamble, we were talking about and she says oh my wife knows all about that from where we come from, you know, live, live one like Random Street and which I suppose they had to get where they could, she come and looked at it and said oh that's one wear, said they're only four, four holes.
mm, but there was a bit er, you know where the legs moved?
when it were made like the sawdust, some of that had got on our.
that's what made me.
probably not.
when you think of this.
when you think of these er music boxes like George's got and you see on telly.
but when it laying here and you look at this little box there, okay, with the real Doncaster.
see what you mean.
they all sit round that Sunday afternoon would n't think it were.
yeah, do you wish you'd like it done now.
I bet it do n't work though.
I bet it do n't work.
mm.
mm we've watched it.
do n't know.
mm, you probably bent it back when you fall, with all the pain and you, you ai n't noticed it so much.
alright.
yeah, perhaps is n't, cos look at the pain in your frozen shoulder, its pain and yet its nothing broke is there?
disguise i n't.
mm, yeah.
mm.
of course you can if you want one, you'll have to ask about it do ya? trouble though a cartoon ring will do just as well.
well maybe they'll expand it.
well cut it through and open it and put a bit in.
you've got plenty of old rings I can.
well you've got some rings can cut a bit off and put in.
any way I've looked at them.
dunno.
what?
my that's going back i n't it?
the man was going for the engagement ring did do er high street.
why come out I thought myself I'm trapped.
I'm trapped, huh, now I feel.
mind you I reckon my life would of been.
yeah, and when mother died what d'ya think my life would of been?
well they were always against me, well Bill was during the war, what I'd done to them, finished all the decorating, put shelves up, go on the slate to put his aerial up, he would n't go up, I had to climb out my bedroom window onto the gutter and its a wonder I did n't kill myself then, put his aerial up and.
no, I climbed out of.
my bedroom window.
you know your bedroom window where mine was.
it was a yard at the back, but, I climbed out and stood on the sides.
and pulled myself over the gutter, it were alright getting up, it were getting back in.
and across the, er two yards the, a man and a woman were sit there watching me, hoping I'd fall I expect.
His aerial had come off the chimney.
when I was going onto the roofing that was Saturday before the Monday, he says we should.
in case I could n't do the job.
that were a very good send off were n't it for me?
mind you there were times when were miles away we said er, we, we.
I suppose it was, well I think.
yeah, but I get up at five.
yes, but when we see when we have.
what do we look at when we have like a most nights last I see that Argentina thing.
mm.
but I mean, er last night.
so I mean in particular its alright if there's a good film worth watching, for that I'd sit up till twelve.
sometimes.
I do n't, what for films?
I do n't even know what they are here, let alone talk about it.
what they hold on the shoulders.
and they take pictures what, with.
like the old er movie camera with Kodak?
er was n't that got that the.
Elsie had got, well that's.
that was a camera were n't it not a.
oh it was moving.
mm I thought you meant something like this.
no.
mm, I'd get two ladies for that.
well I do n't know, but could do with it years ago.
I mean that's why I'm left with the cash, two hundred cash.
I know I probably could of had one right from the word go.
well in the early days I only got er, what was, what was your, yours a quarter horse power motor was n't it?
oh one eighth horse power motor, well it drove that little lad, you know, that I, that, what I use now, but you see to have a big one.
wanted er like I've got, half horse.
well you see then I thought the electric running it you know.
and, and er.
I thought well its.
eh?
ca n't have bloody.
ca n't bloody think er.
what might go wrong.
just pushing it in and hope for the best.
like we did last night.
you're looking.
better, do you feel better?, mm a nice pair of leg is it?
sure just nice.
what's this here, you've had a.
you've caught it on the er.
that little.
squares you had a.
hole there, or nail.
its been, that has been blistering some time that, think its.
have you been walked through the garden near the fire or any thing?
cos you have n't got any nails around there.
yeah.
no, I was too busy ai n't I?
I could of finished that ship in the time we might of had.
poor old Cath, she, she does n't know where she caught it, I bet she thinks she caught it her mother.
she did she went on talking through the letter box to them.

and what your dad had set for, for all this and.
I bet he would, yeah and the cars.
Did n't he lean on the window sills towards the end?
quite yours.
mm.
do you reckon he enjoys his life?
mm.
married now.
you tell mother when I were fighting for me country, he ai n't got a bloody scratch on him now.
yes its just changed over and its started off.
you'll get it all done is it still raining?
and stick.
oh bit.
bit of Araldite just on the end of the thread is.
Araldite will stick any thing.
mm, Tracy said.
Well it getting difference now here with most things, I mean now, er none of the shop keepers are sa, like they were very helpful in our day were n't they?
oh I expect there is, but not in general.
yes you're not gon na tell me er eighteen year old girl today compares with an eighteen year old girl in your mother's day.
no I mean er they went, they did assist did n't ya in a shop.
I know that Iron mongers at er, near mo er Chequers Road, you know, where I used to go in and there were.
down from the top of the steps to the path, just what I wanted.
it was, its still er.
nobody went, dear old Maisie went to all that trouble.
yeah what they do now if its, if its not within sight they say we have n't got any thing.
yeah I suppose.
mm.
mm.
yeah.
still its always handy to have one or two as spares.
well I found the, I found those hook and eyes for your picture.
I mean what's in the pa picture itself.
well they are in the picture, but not on the wall.
you take a lot of convincing.
sometimes.
oh this one was.
oh it only wants pinching.
well, its, its high any, its.
and, and that, that's not closed up whilst you would n't get it on.
well, if, if.
if one's like it the other's like it as long as that's hanging there untouched there's quite, quite safe, I mean were n't worth it.
well do n't you dust any way, you should n't dust glass, image that why should you?
er, yes, like, you like just flick round it.
no I looked for.
mm.
oh that one that were sit, that.
I I see.
I could of swore we'd had one somewhere.
mind you it might be a hard thing to give away or sold in it?
no I suppose, it could be painted on could n't it?, they never bothered with these lady did they?, cos its modern i n't it, modern made.
oh they would n't know that.
he never picked it up to see, just looked at it.
there.
ca n't remember.
ca n't you buy it.
three, three foot long pieces on the bench.
well you.
you want something quick for that did n't ya?
and me being a great innovator.
rob Peter to pay Paul as usual.
repair what?
no.
no.
no, its all there very much seeing to it.
I rather like it open actually.
huh, huh, huh.
I feel tired, I do, tired, that's not performing is it?
er, that's a blow.
you're leaving it like that then?
mm.
twenty past.
twenty past.
that's not is it? said that.
that's a six in it?
yeah, probably sell that as well.
he'd of said.
any way I'd sooner see it wants to get.
you would n't get one like that today.
would ya?, where would you get it?, get one like that?
Mm, mm.
Poirot I seemed to know erm.
French man.
mm.
I'm sure this picture on last week's.
mm.
see if there's any thing on, before we go to bed.
oh dear.
the look jealously and obsession.
oh.
Have you seen that one?
mm? going on.
mm?
tell you what, re rescuing wild, fight against poachers on Wild Life.
gone last night, I did n't see that.
something else.
Defence of the Wild seven o'clock, folks on men and women who dedicate their lives protecting the worlds, the worlds wilderness.
fighting in Juventous.
mm.
mm.
a bit puffy i n't it?, mind you it is a bit fatty looking i n't it?
mind you its not been all that long is it?
at eight thirty the comedy I do n't know what that is.
mm, oh I'll go bed then while you see.
yeah.
not particularly.
she's the ugly one i n't she?
oh she's worked two years at the Larkins.
oh pot luck.
er not.
Aye but well it's the right size sort of thing it's, but it's er to double up with the picture you ca n't do it.
Well, well not being twice the size.
See twice the size, it wants twice say the it's nine inch and you want it twice the size the canvas wants to be eighteen inch does n't it?
You see?
And er it's either, I think it's an inch and a quarter bigger than that.
So you've either got ta have a border and paint something in it or you know?
So that's what I'm working out.
There'll be east top and bottom superfluous to the er what I'm painting.
Oh yeah, of course, fill it in.
Aye lovely.
Bring the dead to life.
Yet people have tinned soup do n't they?
And these youngsters, what do they do, you know these young brides?
Course some can cook.
I never thought a lot to canteen meals.
That ti I was at er canteen at erm and I took my plate, I was there thre two or three days and she says you're the only one that's ever brought the plate back.
Mm.
If you did it years ago they used to have a man in the lounge, only in the lounge.
you always paid a bit e extra and he'd er fetch your glasses and bring another one.
And I, I, I di took it back once myself and he says that's my job.
No.
Nothing you fa there's plenty on but nothing.
you like.
Mm.
Oh probably not.
Well no but erm I've got on well, I've got the paper draughted fairly well and.
Mm.
No.
A white van came, chap got out, you know, I never sh I di I did n't look to see if he come back.
But he, he, he, he, he'd gone shortly after.
Whether he could n't get it in I do n't know.
She has been letting them in has n't she?
Mm.
They do n't have things on the van now do they?
Saying who they are.
No.
Yeah I, I shall be up.
Should n't lay there too long.
But it's always.
it's always.
I was gon na say it's always half empty.
I do n't suffer fools gladly.
Yes but you wo n't be told, I mean.
to me, electric, the plus always goes to plus and the minus to minus, you ca n't mix them up.

No, the bit that's in the thing, there's plus and minus stamped but on the back there's but you assume, you assume that there's.
Well.
You did n't, you were.
You wanted to put them upside down.
So I, when I proved to you it did n't work you were satisfied.
You were going with the picture on the outside, well that's fatal.
You wan na go plus and minus do n't you? batteries, see if there's anything.
Do you feel warm?
Mm ca n't eat.
Well I want.
The top's a bit hard, the crust.
Have you done all your washing?
There's nothing like forward planning.
Well let's hope you do n't meet someone.
No I had a look but erm.
Think we'll get it, got it Friday, this Fri.
box are in the toilet with a paper bag in there's a, where I used to put them and I've had a fair look but not sort of.
Well we shall have to get some then if, when it's propitious.
Not particularly.
P pigeons have been dying, not, no the one up on the top.
No.
Well there's all that stuff up meat and bread, one of them's gone there now look.
I have n't been up there.
No.
Thought you were n't putting any more cos of the cats.

eight hours sleep I should think.
No, no.
Light.
No not really a cheese man.
I do n't mind a bit on a biscuit on occasion but.
I used to like that Canadian red.
working on the stage musicals then were n't er if you'd not had your tea and you brought something the commissar would eat them.
Many Colours?
Mm well it m ma er m made a big hit here did n't it?
Well you see they've been brainwashed to that sort of music so they're bound to, bound to like it.

Say the children that when that, we saw it now what would they be, fourteen, fifteen?
They've bound to go for it are n't they at that age.
They only like to listen to rubbish.
Why people spend good money to go and listen to that sort of stuff I'll never know.
No, no.
Yeah but you ca n't beat it with er can you?

Er nice er and that one we listened to this morning, the dance.
Lovely, you could listen to that three hours at a time.
Well and what do you reckon those are, now all those, would they have pop music?
Oh some, I have a sort of fee.
I have a quiet feeling that this no reading and no a add up and all that stuff co co stems from the music they're always listening to.
They walk by with headphones on do n't they?
yes but teachers are like them are n't they?
They dress like, they dress.
like them.
Remember our teachers?
A dark suit and moustache.
No thanks.
And a severe.
a severe expression and it was n't put on.
It was built in.
We had screens on wheels in latter years at, last few years at school and er he used to go down to the tea room for a cup of tea half way down the stairs, the teachers ' room and perhaps go toilet as well, and er the one at the back was a foot out from the screen and every now and then he'd have a look to see if he was coming and er we, what had had a big case with birds in and the lads who were doing it looked in this, saw the reflection and shh he's coming.
So er er after a bit you see he changed them round, he, he guessed somebody were and of course I got the job.
I forgot about that.
Still you said you want it running d?
understand what you're.
What?
What?
What were the birds doing?
with all this.
with all this you arguing and telling me I'm wrong when I'm right and right when I'm wrong.
Went on the bed.
Oh if you'd shouted down I'd've g come with you.
Yeah we're getting on now so.
Somebody said in the paper shop that looking for the papers er I thought, I could n't see any, I was starting to walk out I said have you finished with the papers, said no there they are in that cabinet.
Yeah, some old girl in there I said you get like that at eighty two, she said you're never eighty two I said I am, she said well you look well on it.
I said yes I can rise to the occasion as well.
Well I can rise to any occasion.
woodwork, windows, anything.
No, full up.
have to burn it up when you're Feels as if only just gone.
Mm I see they cleared it out.
I see they cleared it all up.
About another three weeks we should be out of the real winter sha n't we?
February.
February you get wet snow and rain.
Mind you do n't burn that ch table.
How was your tea?
tea now.
Nothing to watch is there?
Yeah.
Yeah.
We've got enough active there.
Yeah well use it on there then.
By the way is it er.
Do you think I ought to finish the ship first of all or do the oil painting?
Well if I want to turn something I've got ta keep walking in and out and I do n't wan na do that.
Will you take that to Tom's or not?
Your Tom.
Do a pennorth do a pennorth of it ca n't you?
Perhaps Maggie's got some bright ideas of.
Cath I know who could fill it up, Cath.
Well it'd show willing if we did get a bit of all on would n't it?
I mean if, if they had, ha had nursery rhymes.
I know he w she were on about a room were n't she?
I did n't say he would but Cath might want him to.
Mm.
Well that very much when you live there does it?
Look what we pay.
Look what we.
Mm.
Glad we did n't have it then.
But can you honestly say you've been cold in this house?
I've been in digs.
I've been in digs where you went to bed and you've had to put your top coat on the bed.
Yeah or get glazed.
Yes but you ca n't open your windows in the summer.

Yeah what sort of problem is it when you, say a kid broke the window like they broke ours, what sort of problem is it as opposed to these?
I do n't mean that I mean it w is it a bigger job or s.
Well then.
That, you take that into consideration an'all.
There's always a debit side.
Mm.
It's not footballs is it, it was er.
it was a stone or half a brick.
Or even somebody who went berserk with a hammer, that's been known.
One thing they seem to be giving the skateboards a rest are n't they?
I mean how wh er how the parents can let them.
come down three abreast I do n't know.
No but why, how parents can let.
let them come down three abreast.
and say that they've got, have every right to do it.
Well you would n't say that if you got knocked down and broke your thigh would you?
Look at your dad, he died in three days.
Well three something or other.
Then there was your Aunt Nell, she, she broke her.
Mm?
What'd you say?
I think it's a silly thing anyway sit o lay on that with your nose er two inches from the pavement.
That's not games it's annoyance, it's just.
I'll get it.
It's annoyance value.
that's what they do it for.
Look when they kicked the ball at, they could quite as easily kicked it at tree.
You know if they wan wanted to rebound it.
No slight they're very soft com.
Yeah they're a bit too much.
a bit too much int they?
I like, you know the old fashioned Fry's Cream, well Cadbury's used to make one like it only different coloured creams.
and they were lovely.
Oh.
I like Cadbury's creams.

Well it's not damaged the has it?
They themselves now.
Well I've seen them on the l lawn so that.
Yeah it's like the wind and.
I ca n't understand tradesmen, they come hoping for business.
and leave your gate wide open for the dogs to come in and, and tear your.
plants up.
But I mean i it's beyond belief innit?
If I wanted somebody to buy what I'd got I'd be scrupulous about that, would n't you?
Do you, do you think.
well if it's er if it's kids say, you know, youths do they leave their own father's gate open like.
Yes.
Oh w oh w er have to, up the top, you know those two she said why do n't you take your gates off like us, I said why should I?
I said what do you have gates for if not to close them?
No point having a gate is there if you do n't close it?
No.
it's deeper than that, they do n't like what they see.
If they do n't like what they see they spoil it.
Watch the children today.
And they'll get worse.
No.
No nothing out there.
No.
Could be a gas van.
Oh they're all lit up across their car.


Yeah but listen.
Can hear it somewhere but, still it do n't make a difference does it?
The lights have all gone.
The birds are all gone.
Well I've made a start in my painting it's.
on only roughing it a bit, I've brought a canvas down so do n't muck it about.
Just against your chair.
I'm gon na lay it on the.
I'm gon na lay it on the board.
and er see how much I've got to, lay it down then.
Think it's about a inch top and bottom.
I sha well I shall have to put bi bit in the you know?
Well that's what I say, I shall put something behind it.

Ooh it's getting foggy over.
the trees are disappearing.
Over there.
near Ava's house look.
No, well I've got my fog lamps on.
Well I ai n't going out on that Fox again.
I mean when they're full I've noticed when, we they were standing in the gangway.
Oh I know, w when we were going we, I stood in the gangway alongside you and I could see, as they were swaying, people were pushing onto other people who were sitting down.
Well you do n't want that do you?
I mean if we go, we're sitting on the outside and invariably they're a bit over into the gangway well if a chap kept pushing against us as the car went round corners it would n't be very nice would it?
Some might like it, some might object.
But I mean it could've been made a bit bigger than that could n't it, for the seat.
And there's nowhere to put your parcels, like you with.
you with a broken arm.
Aye, pu put wheelchairs in there do n't they, for the kids?
And then there's there's dog dirt on the wheels and that goes on the, in th then that's.
transferred to your shopping.
Your shopping's transferred it to the pantry.
You go to the pantry, get on your hands then you take it into the dining room.
It's alright for children.
It's alright for children.
Yeah, think you.
Martin's always said I've got a too active brain many's the time.
No.
that's not what I've done.
Did n't you go out and look?
Eh?
Yes.
What it was for.
Well I felt, that's how I felt and you said.
You know what it is, it's the worry of that.
Well it's bound to take.
It's bound to take it out of you.
Oh aye?
Yeah mm.
No I.
No.
Yeah it's been on so many times.
And it's not as good as the real story.
Oh er yeah and.
and well and there's mink a a about those.
Yes i i ke f er.
it follows after it.
We can see the two.
And this is eight thirty.
Eight thirty.
Well it's life innit?
You'd like mink if somebody gave it to you.
Mm.
Over the country.
No.
Yes.
And the car, I've put the car out.
Yeah, good-oh.
Take the er picture with us.
What?
Oh yeah.
I had it for.
Have you seen Forg Fergie.
She looks thinner though.
Mm.
No they, they must be there, I w I know I went in there.
Went in to look for the seeds so I m I might have changed, just gone, I dunno.
Yes you can do if you want to get rid of it.
Well you know what I mean.
get it over with.
Not.
What for?
Mm.
Well, s I thought it was tending that way.
Oh bad though was n't it?
I had a fortnight of it did n't I?
No, perhaps, perh.
mm, poached egg, no poached egg I'll do.
actually its there when I cough.
no I do n't want any more.
your like a mother to me you are.
ooh.
no.
turn on, mm when she coming then tomorrow?
oh well might be a chance to, gone on.
The trouble is in er just outside.
the heat from the town lamps and things.
mm, pitch black.
I do n't think I'll want much really.
When he came home he was messing about on pavement for quite a while, I was, I thought somebody was trying to get in, you know.
I stood and watched for a minute or two.
mm.
mm, possibly.
mm he'd not put it on the drive this time.
mm, mm.
mm.
er it's up to you what do you want me to do?
what the whole thing or just the top?
I think I, get up and go the thing.
what did n't you have?
what er I, I did n't want to get up this morning.
mm, just I just rub it down and to keep it moving another salt for a week or two in it, the icy roads, bound to put salt down are n't they?
that cow I'll run down the stairs quick enough when the signal comes, salter's away seemed to love throwing it out do n't they?.
Er what made me smile when they found out that the salt were going through these er motorway bridges and attacking the steel work in the concrete with all sort of powers that they would of known that would n't ya?
damage it must do over the country.
no, not.
mm.
all the girls told me that.
well.
used to go Isle of Man and that, and Bury's at Lewiston, where it's been dead now two or three year now, ai n't they?
Nothing particular.
ooh.
mm.
I'll have the paper I think, just read.
yeah, but, yeah it's stic sticky.
mm.
you want that?
I do n't want marmalade on it, I do have butter.
I want some sort of phraseology that as the nights get lighter the mornings get dark.
or is it the reverse?
some cake.
cakes, oat meal cakes.
mm, did you like it yourself?
it was all greasy.
I know.
even the birds do n't eat it.
try.
try them an all.
it's to small for one thing in it to pick up?
er, does n't milkie comes by?
oh, he might have one on.
he has to bring it twice as much.
I'll go across in the car, fetch a paper and me loaf if you like.
I'll put me coat on for a start.
I know.
I was out there in er, and I suddenly thought I'd er go.
well I have er been in the garden, going up the garden.
It looks as if my galloping days are over in it?
not throw it away.
yes, you've messed your hair up ai n't ya?
m.
what on your, those moles like?
oh your throat it's perhaps where you're shouting in the kitchen.
you'll have an easy day then if you're not too good.
I do n't suppose there's a film on is there?
part some did n't trust him did they?
two and a half, yeah, go quite, yeah tis going.
yes, it's nearly down.
no more, ta.
when there's time you er one, two.
three now, three now.
yeah near enough.
no I did n't know whether we were going out or not.
what day did you say it is?
maybe.
well you could show them how to go on.
a western adventure on sky movies, ten o'clock till twelve.
ten too two Oaklahoma.
Tuesday.
you said Tuesday.
perhaps it was the sight permanent ones sometimes you, you turn the page over.
Chef's programme, ten ten minutes to ten.
hot pot and Devonshire squall pigeon.
why?
want me to put the mop on?
Blood From The Mummies Tomb.
Laurel And Hardy.
Fool and Horses that's a.
lead on horses i n't it Fool and Horses?
bet the horses are smart.
who Cath?
oh.
well perhaps she'll get round, I'd better tidy up first then in case.
you know that film where where ten little Indians where they all, and each one gets.
killed.
oh.
oh there's one on about quarter past six.
Bull Shit.
Bull, Bull Shot.
a bit shreddie.
er well that's what it means, it's a nice way of putting it.
Bull Shit.
Philip Bruin-Ridges comedy, ploughed in the adventure of radio hero, Bull Dog Drummund, that's why it's called Bull Shot.
The Dancing Pirate, musical set in a Mexican village beset by pirates, five to one, Search For Tomorrow.
oh yeah one twenty P M afternoon cinnamon The Dancing Pirate, a musical set in a Mexican village.
Dick Van Dyke we have a look at him what, what does he do?
oh in what, he had a programme every week.
oh is he?
I thought it was I thought it was er.
The Falklands again.
two o'clock P M would that be in the morning?
yeah sometimes they.
Arabian, Arabian Nights.
what made me think you see it's right at the top where the morning then.
well Arabian Nights.
which?
yes I'll have some.
which do you think should I.
mm not now, now I've had summat to eat and.
wait for whisky and lemon.
Mm.
yes please.
very good.
well we change it, then we used to then the same yet, we've, we've had.
oh, well they're.
selling the thing i n't they?
could of, when you, hundred quid for something ai n't ya?
well I'll try, got ta finalize it see.
oh yeah, just a matter of fi, finding out what does what and.
I'm looking for a nut erm, for this, so you know hold it in position, found one, while I'll looking I found this and it's just the job.
just screw it down the.
job oh dear a mess in the kitchen.
yeah.
yeah,.
it looked professional look.
no would of drawn that, I would of checked it with the.
if the.
was up, it's.
carry on.
well bound to make it right, I do n't know about easier, it'd be right would n't it?
mind you with cottage, I've painted big cottage on the stage and, I only looked at it on me bike as I went through Salver.
I mean any body can draw a house in it?, and put some straw on it.
yeah.
windows looking it up.
you know what I did at four in the nursery?
two inch long with a yellow crayon, my mate Dick in, er a Zeppelin, there were some cottages and a Zeppelin, and er, we, we coming over some blue and he said er, he said what's the blue and I said the sea, well then, it, it behind land, well I said you have to cross the sea, you know down.
like, you know at that age I knew they had to go across the sea.
You see even then they were interesting in me, my, me drawing, the little kids were n't drawing, and I just, you know, playing with the crayons.
what?, what?
you was gon na put that on were n't ya or something?
have you put it on?
no nothing particular.
What would you like to do today?
yeah.
not getting mixed up.
is it?
oh well not only that you've got to fetch the potatoes, peel them, then cut them in pieces.
mm.
I've been grinding the pencil, saw dust.
s'pose.
have a whisky then.
you do n't want a cough thinking about it.
pain there, but, since I've got up it do n't, do n't do it.
perhaps catarrh, phlegm like.
oh I did n't hear you.
why did n't you wake me?
you used to wake me in the middle of the night when we were first married.
I wish we could start again, do n't you?
not really.
all this digging and that and sh stage shows and Joe tried.
Joe tried times to get me over erm, yeah Mrs.
used to go to, do her drama did n't she?
yeah should of screwed that, I've just thought oh do what, is it still performing?
do n't want to knock it over.
I do n't want it yet, I've got to set it up.
yeah, I got the.
I've got the other side, I thought about it in town, I thought next year I will.
yeah.
to there.
cor I've done the wrong one's surely it's not fitting into that.
er bit low, feels on fire.
alright.
can you do it?
what the.
bellow out yes, well the, the wind, the wind, the hand will blow the light springs up eventually perhaps I'll put, when I've made some true er, perhaps I would put six inch pieces in instead of any.
mm.
oh did they?
they wonder why you do n't want to buy, in the, they must see the flowers there must n't they?
mm?, no.
they'll be back where they was were n't they?
you rubbing round and in case under all the furniture we do n't tread.
there's black.
gone, now, see.
eh?
oh sor.
It's you know, what you used to like.
yeah, they fell out me they probably fell out me hand.
what?
well it's, well I'll fix it.
no, I'm finishing off the bits that are left.
well I have, I'm making adjustments, what I mean, what I'd finished it, I did n't bother to try it cos it did n't work, now I found out why it do n't work I have to change the rod, I've got the rod in the wrong place.
so I had to go and put a thread on and put it in, it in another place.
oh yeah keep coming.
why?
probably burglars.
would n't of thought so, it's near enough dry, now.
er dry ginger would be nice.
dry ginger, yes.
no.
oh I'll get it, it's all mucked up in it, got ta clean the shed next thing.
yeah, but.
do n't get enough heat from there.
What?
oh no I like pudding, pie it's a bit dry in it?
you had to break it to bits to eat it.
too much shin on it.
yeah.
throw it away then.
make a meat pie and take it to Cath's.
come on and put your feet up you've done enough.
mm?
I'll wash up you sit there.
have the birds gone?
out there?
has he got a ladder?
perhaps the.
any way that's his problem.
mm.
no, it's I'll go.
and get on with me, you know the board I made?
behind the drawing pins.
this, this little board there's no room to work here.
yeah I know, but I.
I tried it but the paper was stuck down, stuck down already.
mm leave them there though.
mm.
take your skirt of then.
mm, ai n't that nice?
I thought it was.
I'll have a bit then if you're not gon na eat it.
how is it that we forbid.
how is it that were still.
oh are they different oranges?
they are.
you do n't see blood oranges now do ya?
do n't get juice all over it.
mm, I might as well.
what time now?
mm.
well with Clare and.
mm where was that fog on freezing roads?
mm.
ah, I've put you a three eight, wide eight thick piece of steel lay it on the top that would hold it down in the middle.
mm, just hold it down and.
that spring did n't work the one we had did it? cos it.
came flying out when out i n't it, when we put it in?
now we know.
it wo n't fly out when it's inside.
mm.
one thin strip of metal edge ways on across the centre I'd do it wo n't it?, that thing.
well you've got all the size pattern down.
in that across.
mm.
you know how according to the thick, the.. bull clip last time, you had a lot of cause did n't ya?
diamond.
yeah what you really want is a.
mm.
yes well I've been thinking about it, what you want is a.
springs?
when do you ever buy.
oh I we have n't got them now that's before.
well any way look, if I made you a thin bit of steel straight across the centre like that.
it's thicker than hack saw blade, perhaps a bit heavier.
straight across and then put a cross on the other way that's all you want.
like that.
like hack, hack saw blades sort of thing.
edge ways on.
not flat because you stop the air from, to that simple enough.
steel.
oh I've got a load of that back of the car.
no I'm alright.
yeah.
or it's your fan.
your fan?
yeah, yeah.
as the fan, the fats congealed with the frost.
you know in the opening and.
the fans are catching it.
How, what's the time now?
oh.
that there.
that's alright now, it's not er, it must of been er congealed in the night in the chest.
she wo n't agree.
I the, the disturbed at the way the English lads are speaking.
in a way they find out.
yeah, but as Les says there's more in it than that.
yes.
it's got ta be like that is it?
yes they well, er see that step only there's erm.
I reckon there's another one the other side, perhaps that they.
only just drop on like that do n't they?
yeah.
yeah, is it, is this one alright is it, is it only the one broken or two.
they're, these are all the bits.
well there's only, only enough bit then for I do n't.
that's why I shall come up and have a look at.
no I'll show you in a minute, no.
what I think Les, I think you should have two walls, I do n't know, I think you should have two walls, one either side.
then and that.
yes.
er, right.
ooh.
there it is look.
see that spark.
see were on a bit of a.
yeah, well what.
no well what.
what I think is this.
hold on a minute Les lets turn these off.
oh things come out.
er, used to, any way, that wants seeing, er I reckon you should have, see that lip.
I reckon you should have another lip and it fits that slide on like that.
so you'll, I shall have to make one.
yeah, well I and er.
and er.
lower that and, and you peg stones up like that.
see you ca n't go out cos that's er, and er just pushes on I think.
you see it's very fragile got a.
mm.
I you know what that's for, for the spring, it's split like that i n't it?
it's split like that.
which is.
well, yeah you open that out to make it tight.
yeah.
you see you get, over the years it probably expands and it.
becomes loose.
so you open that a bit.
that spring.
and then.
you'll have to push it on.
any way I'll make summat to do it.
yeah, yeah.
well I've got plenty.
I've got plenty of drivers like this.
yeah.
used to drive erm our machine used to drive.
what we call drivers.
about two inch long, you know.
and er, they are very fragile.
they've made it so as it, it do, you see I, I, I reckon you ought to open my let me make them in te in steel because er they made them like that so that when you pull them off or adjust them.
they wo n't burn ya.
I mean they're like er ha hard plastic.
er well metal you see there look.
well it does it, its method is to shove them on.
er in or out according to where he wants them to flicker, well you see, as it, as the wearing get hot, that plastic expands and become loose and he's got a, a split, see that steel thing.
ours is like that solid, well his is split, the idea that is you opened it like that, so when you push your others on, it has to compress it and it holds, but over the years it's er the body.
er, er, I can make you one in plastic.
but er.
it depends do n't it?
yes without go coming up to say and I presume it's like this, you perhaps told, when I draw it.
now that's your piece still I assume.
that way.
now this, this is the matter, now you your other bit, I do n't think your gon na see it mate.
oh her tempers getting the same Les.
you ca n't draw it in yellow cos it do n't er take on this so I'm going.
if you do them both white it looks all wrong.
now this green is your, your yellow.
er there's a slit there ai n't there like that?, keep this still.
well.
now that's, that's the wall of your yellows.
broken.
and that's the other wall which you need to go.
yeah.
yeah, they now, looking at end ways, it's like this i n't it?
that's your, your yellow plastic.
that's it now here's your steel bit that's split.
like that.
so if you open that er steel bit.
wide like that.
wider than what it is.
it grips when you push it on.
and the idea that is, is I see it.
is you want.
yeah as I, no, no not the yellow, the, the metals slot in.
and the idea is so you, you push it down to earth, you want it down to there.
and I reckon that's it, that's broke on your movement you see.
it's, these walls have broken off there.
see those two walls.
and that's the bottom bit, and that, that there's your steel inside.
but these have broken off and of course it's dropped off.
so what I'll shall have to make you is a, you can either have it in metal, or in plastic.
well I think it's both easy, but er.
there, it's done with plastic so it do n't get red hot when you, when you adjust it.
but then again you'd be a bit daft.
no, but you'll be a bit.
you'll be a bit daft to adjust it when it was hot would n't ya?
if it was mine I'd er, I'd er.
for my money I'd have it with all metal.
but that's the i you see the idea of it now ca n't ya?
your yellow bits slides along here to where they were, here's your, here's your point.
you can have it there, you can have it there, you can have it there.
by pushing it up and down.
and this gets very hot, well fairly hot.
and the plastic soft and broke.
yeah.
I've made ours go right and left we've got two.
oh, we've got two and er.
on the same fire?
yeah, but, oh four well I'd like to.
you, you see those wings that are going round there.
these.
I turn'em what that, that way.
and this one that way.
so that one goes to the right and this one goes to the left.
or a bit of graphite, yeah.
just put your.
pencil, just put your pencil in and along there.
yeah, now here's your, there's your peg look your pointer, now draw it in black, you can see it better, there's your pointer, now draw it out here, the bit you brought your, your yellow bit is like that.
and if you, if I make in steel and then can drive in and fit your pin.
you'd have this effect, see there's your wall and the, that then you pin up the middle like that.
you see, but now that, if that were metal and this is your other metal.
you know, what you say that's split.
yeah, got ta go on like that i n't it?
now, for my money now if that were loose I'd open these.
no.
strip, straight them open so that, they're like that a bit instead er.
straight like that.
and then if you did that it would tighten on to your walls.
and you could make, adjust it and it'd stay there.
but over the years it's got loose and you've probably fiddled and it did broken.
I should have them all metal cos ours is all metal as you see.
but I'll make you one in, two in plastic if you like.
whatever.
these get fairly hot.
and er you see these get, well, they're not too hot there.
but, there's your wall look er what we done with it, there's your wall, that goes, should run er, like that.
then you can adjust it in or out.
just to get it in the right.
location.
you see, well to keep it tight.
you open those prongs.
and of course it's probably been.
over tightened or it's.
that's it.
just slide off.
if, if you like I make it all in metal.
well I'll make er I'll make two in metal and two in plastic and then see how you go on.
oh that wo n't take me five minutes to do that, it wo n't.
how the birds going oh.
oh I was looking you see.
yeah.
apparently on these you know you twist them.
you do know that, not too much.
but if, if you twist that, that way.
and that the other way.
you get erm one going that way and one going the other.
well they're nicer you see.
mm.
does she dance?
if you do n't feel think there's a fly at the window.
erm.
what you?
yes.
shall I get it down?
yeah.
these are good ones Les ai n't they?
yes and that one.
I did n't know it.
did n't know you were a high brow.
did n't know you was a high brow.
behind the straw at.
oh, we've got all Bygraves.
do n't you look skinny?
do n't she look skinny?
well would you believe it.
page boy.
it would of been in my day.
yeah.
I noticed I er, did you notice it, which is the proper way?, often or often? they always say often today.
well what's it got, what's going on then, why do they.
delete it?
mind you some of that er, those pantomime found a box of the er he talks bad, not bad English but not proper English and.
and.
yeah.
yeah.
well he could be it's in the, in Australian in it, yeah.
well we we went to a.
wedding down South and er took all the photographs.
and er, when we got them printed, before we even sent them off, there were one, somebody, I've been talking to the father in, in the father of the bridge.
now against an apple tree and I asking him I was it permissible to go scrumping and he had to converse with the maid I think.
and some lady.
and I, they informed him want scrumping was.
oh he said it's quite permissible.
and er.
well I, getting back to the picture you see, I, when I looked at it I thought good god it's our Bill, I, I you could of thought it were twin brothers when I.
looked at that, you know.
seeing him and then seeing him on that.
and yet when it, in er, when say comes round or I'll go round you do n't look at all that much alike.
but I suppose you do in a way.
you used to always say you can tell they're brothers like these.
though they are sisters and.
still.
what you.
have you seen the new car?
they came about nine, half past nine?
it were dark.
it were n't.
it was darky any how, he could n't see what he was doing.
get in.
what he had, what he had was a biggish lorry with a low.
back ball.
and er he'd got, he, we used to call them.
that you hooked on to the back of your lorry.
like the bit, the brewers do.
to roll the barrels down.
well what he, he got a windless behind his cabin.
electric.
and he started it off and I.
wreck creeping up on, er right onto his cabin.
he, he rushed off as soon as that were done.
whether somebody is whether complained.
no markings on it, you know.
he, yeah I do n't think he can get in all that much.
yeah I've just been and put.
seed out.
twenty two we usually get.
there coloured doves.
As Asian coloured doves.
and er the.
is gon na build that factory at the back.
he said are they your pige.
well it looks like a factory.
he said er.
er are they your pigeons?,.
I said no, I says er accommodation doves and they're protected, he says what'd ya mean protected, he says you've not got to kill them.
er they want them to stay in England.
you know and our and.
have our own breed.
well, well.
they come from over the sh, the shop way a lot of them.
I reckon they hang round there for the chips.
some, some might of join'em from the park, but.
most of'em come from over there, and I, there's a fish shop there you see with the stuff.
you know.
how's Eadie any way?
with with.
we just half talked the other day about holidays, er, a, I do n't suppose you're going are ya?
no.
yeah.
that's right.
mm.
mm.
mm, mm, mm.
ah, well, ah.
I woke up in the night a pain here.
and I thought, ooh, any way, I went to sleep again and when I got up to.
myself.
er had the pain again and now it's going.
oh I I had n't thought of that.
I suppose you have bronchitis do n't ya when you're old.
not burning er raw, like raw.
yeah when you cough you know.
I had it like had it like a jab like a.
well I was alright.
mm.
oh yeah, yeah.
and it blows across like that.
did you look under the cover?

mm.
eh, eh.
it is his kids.
no he's further up.
you want a drop of whisky then.
drop of whisky or any thing?
yeah.
yeah.
yeah, yeah, yeah we've got not, not the same record but the same people Strauss, got one of Strauss.
but I'll er.
you know those.
no okay.
I, I, I keep them alright.
er the little room up there we call the music room.
where we.
we, we never ev, we never used it.
oh yeah, what we do now I've got a, a bought cabinet.
with sliding doors, to keep the dust off them and that.
so they'll be, I, I put the perhaps start on them tomorrow then and get so you'll get them back.
well.
yeah.
we've got to go.
well it's her.
and Jack.
and Jack's.
and we get Jack in.
if you ever want a bag you know.
will bring it round.
and they're cheaper.
and they're cheaper buying them like that.
oh we'll bring you bag.
what d'ya reckon the idea of that was?
it's surprising how it looks from the.
you know, even I say to Evelyn when I was watering I said.
did you see.
he seemed to think he's the er, he were doing it to sell them.
I showed it Tom next door, I says er, it, I says, he came and had a drink and to, and to see Evelyn and I says look you can tell Oliand and Dog Tongue.
I've often wondered about the other two's gardens it, but you can see now ca n't you?
it do n't amount to much does it?
what puzzles me though The Gables.
paint in blue, but they're blue.
oh yeah.
throat and that.
just.
bye, bye Les.
yeah.
no.
oh well, you'd of thought he'd be looking at it would n't ya?
vase, is like er, he had a majority of two thousand, now he's lost three thousand voters.
the tax, yeah.
mm, no I did n't see that.
oh you're right.
spokesman believes that majority of missing vouchers are poll tax dodgers.
she said this wo n't help labour get in, these people were, page, five.
they ai n't consistent then with the.
no.
You know that painting he had, the last painting of himself?
He said to the painter er, what are you going to show me er, no, what are you going to paint me, a bulldog or th the chair?
And er, he said well that depends on what you show me.
Well, I think it, he had a bit of a stroke and he sort of looked, you know.
Well he painted him, painted him he said, and, you know when he died er the well not, no he, they both went in the garden and burnt the pa, the painting.
Oh well it were painter who died.
But th, they burnt it up.
But I I thought then he'd had a slight stroke so to make him.
look like that.
No.
Mm.
Mm.
What?
Erm, radios and kits, that.
Oh I see!
Mater, materials likely.
We can go and have a look at how far in Ayleston is it?
Mhm.
Mm mm.
We'll get that way, we'll have a look at.
Did it say how long?
Mm!
Must have a lot of stuff!
Yeah.
Well he went er.
He we, he only.
he only went about a week and then he closed.
Yeah.
Well so.
You see.
your teenagers do n't make ships and things now, they do n't want to.
it's work you see, and they do n't wan na work!
You see they do n't want finicky stuff, they want er a large pay packet fo, er stamping er envelopes.
Is that all?
Is that, oh!
What shall we dispose of?
True.
True.
Is it we,?
You er.

What.
what do you suggest?
Rat poison or arsenic!
And what else?

I ca n't have lemonade so.
They do n't sleep do they?
Why take them to bed?
I do n't mind what we have, you er, you're the barman.
You can expedite it if you like.
Can you picture that house?
What?
Les come up with the same ideas I thought when I se, when we had bought it.
He said, ooh!
Well, if you wan na sell the house you only got ta get up round and show them that!
He, he's correct is n't he?
I thought of that er.
Yeah, but they see the length of the garden, you know that garden.
all.
Mm.
We've got a fair length in there have n't we?
Yeah.
I think, would you like to do some er adaptation, you know with a.
pair of wires to.
and then shut this er on the roundabout too.
Well, there's plenty of time.
We shall have to see sha n't we?
Shall we not?
Mm.
True.
But then.
it wo n't always be a rubbish dump.
Yeah.
Mm.
But er that lady ha who's had that extension done about cutting the branches er would n't you rather see it like that?
I bet she'd no, see a difference if we cut them down would n't she?
The way I looked at was a rubbish tip, that bit it looks as if he's cleared and the grass is growing.
And all slabs and bricks and.
Mm.
I see.
No.
Yeah.
Did n't know had a glass house did you?
Oh it comes down to from there.
Mm.
Why did they put it right down the bottom?
Long.
way to go!
Did er, Tom like the I've never seen a better one th have you?
Usually only get like that but.
That's to give it more sales value I suppose.
Do you think?
Oh, our damn stupid wheelie bin.
there that.
that daft wheelie bin!
Think he'd take it down the bottom would n't you?
It's er.
Yeah, but that's only cos I ai n't got the car out.
But I mean, they got, they got ta come out the front to put stuff in have n't they? till that was clean int it?
Yeah.
That's Tom's drive, int it?
There.
That bit.
Goes up to his garage.
And then that's the, bit of a well they ca n't build any more can they?
You said they were building another garage did n't you?
Yeah.
Cos look Tom's garage nearly reaches the wall.
Mm.
Yeah.
Where e'er you be, let the wind go free!
In, you know that.
You know that film er a boat er, a boat we er.
The African Queen.
he had a rolling stomach.
When he dranked anything.
It's alright, had enough to eat.
I'll have a mince pie or Christmas cake.
Betwixt between them.
Yes, that will do fine.
Yeah.
And two cherries on a stick!
Tha.
that's his car that was smashed up.
Well he's got a new one.
now.
Oh yes!
Ah!
There's all the back gardens.
It's our clean road.
Takes a lot to clean the place up.
There's a.
And.
see the difference.
The man said, how is it your grass is greener than next door?
Well you get the frame and all the lot.
Mm.
Frame.
you get the frame and all the lot.
Yes alright.
No we're not, no we're not sitting down like.
We got a lot, we got a lot.
got a lot to do.
Oh that's nice, yeah.
Yes.
It is nice is n't it?
Of course, it's purple.
I like your skirting board, er er changed round.
Yes, there's a Kath!
Well this is alright, but we're only doing it for the beneficiaries int you?
They'll say.
Look at that horrible side table!
It were alright, you know, so much.
Ah!
You know what I think er, th we've been talking about it round about and I says, you know, they were wondering if it was a bit suspic, I said no, th, they worry to death, there's our children who speaking like the nig-nogs!
Did you mean this?
I reckon that's what it is.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Do you replenish the glasses though?
Are they for show?
Have you got a glass?
Oh!
Oh, I did n't know that.
That's supposed to be.
supposed to be test that is.
Did you buy these?
The?
It's just right.
for the.
Yeah.
Mm.
Yeah.
It is.
Cow bell was that?
Are they all portraits?
Yeah.
Oh yes!
Evelyn said, do n't it run well!
I said at eight years old, it should do but it.
Not bad for eight year old is it?
I did n't wan na come out cos of the salt though.
I if it had.
No.
They throw all the bloody salt.
out when there's no ice!
As soon as you fix, cos er, as soon as you fix your car.
it starts to work!
And the bloody!
Er, found out, that on these motorways the bridges were ro, collapsing because the iron work with the salt from the road were it, would n't you have thought.
they'd have thought of that!
Yeah the the salt's getting down to th, and it's all running riot!
Er, no thank you.
Well my waterwo, if I start drinking and then I'll want to go, and if I ca n't go.
Oh I know, but.
No, if I get round so.
I'll perhaps want to go and then I've got ta go up then.
I reckon you get like that in old age Vince.
No, well I wanted to get back like.
Yeah.
Yes, but you've got ta sit down in the end so.
Oh.
Ah, he'd got a.
For tha that.
that tea, that, you know, ten.
pounds.
Mm.
I, I do n't know what deciding though, I says, funny enough I said there were one just like this at Millaires and I did n't qualify where it was, but it he latched on to it and it's er a posh place, you know, Millaires.
one of these historic.
and only like a village but er.
very old, see I said, there one in antique shop exactly like that, but I said, but it were cracked and they wanted twenty six pound for it.
I said, I do n't know whether it's, they've sold it.
As soon as I said that, he said I'll give you ten pound.

Oh you sold him some.
bi bits of rubbish!
Did you see the football match last night?
A footballer done the same thing.
And this morning.
and this morning on the news, said he's broken it, they said.
a dislocated so so shoulder.
said there is the a surgeon in the er, audience?
But er, this morning they said it's a broken wrist.
I said, he's done what you do put his fist out to hold him.
and.
Ooh yeah!
A bit like, I like all this a.
I like all this and that bit but she has er, you end up to go on the dirty little foxes and you get on and there's so, runny nosed yobbo kid about twelve, gets on.
and sits on his foot!
But yo, and you're in.
your best sort of coat!
Well why do they sit on their foot for?
Did you hear this morning's news Kath?
Did you hear this morning's news?
The er erm.
er.
what do they call.
what do they call these mountain bikes?
Mountai, I do n't what they're called.
Two lads, went up to them and says get off that bike or we'll pull you off!
He got off and they went off with it!
And it's a brand new mountain bike!
Just like that!
No!
But just like that!
And they.
Well that's alright Kath, you see.
but er.
well you take a two hundred and forty quid.
bike and.
then they'll come on this morning, if you have half a pint of beer you're over the odds, you'll be pinched.
And when you think that his bike be more important.
than me having half.
a pint of beer.
Oh dear!
Yes it is, yeah.
There's a lot of wet though in the country roads.
Yeah, we suddenly saw it.
in.
Yes.
They were offering it around.
Look at my birds though.
That's a giveaway int it?
The bird there.
Mm.
That's that car that was smashed up, you saw.
That's before it was smashed up.
Yeah.
Look in that garden look.
Mm.
That one's alright but i it's it's all grey look.
Dried up like.
No that you mean, near the back of the gardens?
That's the one.
Hey!
You see this but she said, ooh, I've had, did n't tell you, I've had the burglars!
I said, what's the matter with your lad's wrist?
She says he's er he's fell over in the, you know, and er, he he's al, he were always running, he gets on left side onto us runs to this corner, calls out to the missus.
look see that one there, that one there.
he were running up and down the little bugger!
Trying to fall.
You ca n't beat them, you know, they know all the.
Yes.
Ah.
Mm.
I do it looks blue if you turn it somewhat.
Except it lo it looks black.
there.
Look there in the.
shade.
Just see it, yeah.
See that park's black and yet it's that blue.
The part I like.
The, that one who's had the factory built, look at his front garden!
That was the windows you can see?
And you're getting a reflection.
from these.

I know what it, I know what it costs for that sort of wood.
And.
the framing.
Yeah.
Perhaps if you do n't have a reflection you see better.
Yeah.
Well there's jus.
Yes.
Anyway.
Er the, the.
the ge, powers that be are worried about the er.
English language dying out.
So now they're wrote to us picking them, doctors and people like us that are.
people like us that are.
university sort of people.
And they want to find out if er, this pigeon.
English from the.
this pigeon English is working into the system.
Well, there you see!
Tom thinks.
the same.
Evelyn she's so dogmatic!
Ooh no!
They would n't do a thing like that!
It's just this.
Course they would!
Ooh!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yeah.
Ooh they say, er the Queen said er she said often, for often well yo, I thought she'd be well on the.
form.
And they're all saying it now on telly, often.
Ah but you read that.
She's been having it off with him!
Er, did you see the programme.
of all those sheep being tu, treading on each other, uri urinating on each other on top of a lorry going to France?
They, I mean if they were, if they were tigers they would n't do it would they?
Go to the.
still, I expect it does.
Did n't you see.
Did n't you see the.
Madge.
One of the footballers did the same as Evelyn.
He, he, he leaped onto somebody in the goal mouth where the post was and i, he turned on a, off the other way in the post, and he landed like that and.
and, then they said, is there a orthopaedic surgeon in the audience?
This boy is lose.
he's broke his arm.
Yeah.
Er, you know, he saved hisself with this er.
Yeah.
Somebody told Evelyn they got a, she got a thousand pounds for slipping on pavement.
But you but you got ta prove the negligence.
No.
You know why?
Madge.
Your sister's a bit naive!
Er, you look she falls, er, two or three rush to her, the stall holder fetches a chair, they're all round her his son's picking up the bit she slipped on.
She'd fallen, she'd.
But I mean.
that's the way I'd work.

I always think now.
what's the motive?
Yeah, so I mean, it's horrible what they do to animals is n't it?
Well you know that.
you know that teapot we have on the Welsh dresser like a cockerel?
Er you get some man come and gave me ten pound for it.

We just met him today.
?
Oh right!
Yeah, they got.
that.
Yeah.
He said it were continental something and th.
Yeah.
But.
it slipped.
Er you're only supposed to drink.
Yes, but when you're working, like and you.
when you're bricklaying and gardening all the works.
She always told.
me that, when visitors come you, you gi, you give them the.
old ones in case they.
drop them!
No but when you're at work Madge, er, bricklaying and er filing your hands are rough now they're like.
silk.
I pick something up.
and being eighty.
two as well, you.
ca n't afford.
to still!
And you sold half your ring and all, did n't you want to cut up?
Then when.
all that.
Ka, er Madge.
Er you'll you'll make it rough, like.
But they erm it's really.
But er.
Yeah.
No.
since you done it we've been looking in jewellers ' shops when I go, I go up town twice a week with her, you know, carry all the bags, and er we're looking in the jewellers ' shop and some old, some lady stood there and, she were looking I says, come on they do n't wear marriage ri, wedding rings there!
You ought to have seen the old girl!

Yeah, turn it straight like this.
Now can you do this?
Lo look, like that?
No!
Not twist that look, sidewards, that way, that way, that way.
You ca n't can you?
But our, our.
Tom, how on earth she will been round all of these, do you know I've, I'm like this.
well after he's been all this while.
Yes but you wo n't.
So.

Oh!
You've got.
You've got chicken fricassee I suppose.
No I I ge, there was lump o.
left and I cut it up this morning before you got up and I could n't cut it with the scissors!
Mm.
Yeah!
Mm.
Mm.
Joan.
Ah!
What's he say?
Mm.
No.
Is he coming?
Mm.
Yeah it probably is with the trauma of losing his wife.
Yeah.
Yeah well he's been looking after her for, for years ai n't he?
Did you, so you did n't tell him I'd like him to see my paintings?
He'll still run his car then.
Not been driving.
Mm.
Just go and get the other.
At least we've poured your tea and a have you?
Yeah.
Mm.
Possibly.
Mm.
What's it got in?
The big the big pigeons down look.
Mm.
Mm mm!
No you wo n't.
Yeah.
Well you.
you got the man to help you on with your coat.
There was two big ones, look!
Mm.
Well that does n't I know!
But you did n't buy that till Tuesday!
It's only Thursday now!
It'll last till Monday.
Well you did n't want them sitting till dark then go off did you?
Well if there's three er nations thrown into one, how did they get here?
Italian, Canadian, and they're British.
When I was a lad a man went in the ar, he hooked up with the army if he'd got no trade and no hope.
of a job.
Or if he'd, er been thieving.
No.
Robust enough.
Another pigeon come in.
Have a drop of that.
Mm.
When I have n't got my dinner down.
No.
.Finish erm.
Mm.
What do you make of this play do you think?
Oh well they always do rake.
stir the mud up do n't they?
Yeah.
Oh that's good.
What's the idea?
Where?
How have we done?

Bloody rough!
But they do n't come back again.
Especially with this er aids thing.
Especially with this aid business.
Eh?
You do n't know who else he's been with do you?
Normally, you know where your husband's been but if the husband's away and you go in you do n't know where he's been do you?
If I were a girl I would n't let a man go near me!
I see.
Must have some money then.
Yeah.
Mm.
Cut me a slice.
if you like.
That's alright innit?
Well I always thought the paper was better because you have to, sa so many things do n't you?
Mind you, they did have all the satellite and all that did n't we?
You seen all these page they done?
joints, and muscle.
Oh look!
You could put it straight down.
They made a bloody good start without putting in ink!
Yeah, you, well you can see these all in one go.
Clint Eastwood nine forty.
Twenty to ten.
Are they all gone er are they all gone?
No, I, I.
was in the dressing room and Arabian Nights, two o'clock.
Oh we've missed that!
You liked what?
Yo, yeah but.
It's the same place though int it when er.
Only the Arabian Nights at two and that's gone.
And then there's Cli, Clint Eastwood at twenty to ten.
No.
Well it looks.
looks tidier does n't it?
Since Christmas, aye.
Dad's Army at eight.
Comedy channel.
Mm.
No.
They're all grown now ai n't they?
Tom.
Mm.
It was in there when we went?
Mm.
Er, with a broken arm.
Well she did have.
I know!
But it was that the arm she were using.
Yeah, perhaps burning er winter rubbish.
Card boxes and things.
But they make dustbins big enough now int it?
Mm.
It looks, have you swi switched, it is switched on, what you doing?
Press that black button.
Yes I am.
Switch.
it off now then.

Er er, I mean switch that.
I think that butter.
this morning.
Go and clear my throat.
See if, my throat feels dry.
Coughing bad this morning were n't I?
This er?
Madge?
Oh has she been taking it then?
Does she take it regular?
Oh!
No, it's alright.
You do n't see them do you?
And they do n't take their shoes off when they go in, cos we saw them go in did n't.
we?
Where did they go, in the village?
Where did they go, to the village shops?
You never go there do you?
Sa, Sainsburys a very good name!
I think it's terrible but.
And yet the er vase, do n't even collect do they?
Not really, no.
Ooh ooh ooh ooh!
Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh!
Hey?
Well do n't they do it?
Well you're not drinking it!
Mm.
Yes.
Mhm.
You're.
not drinking out of somebody elses ' glass are you?
Do you remember that one coming back from Hinkley and the butter was on the.
We had a.
and a buttered cob.
What does?
Oh!
Not bad.
But how many's that they had, nine?
Well it's cos the lady owner cos they keep ja, jamming the gears and everything!
Mind you, they look real do n't they?
About a hundred miles.
Yeah.
Ke.
Well I said it, told you to get some just to put them in the garage when it's hot.
It's cool out there.
Up in the loft, on a tread board.
Under the boxes.
Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah!
It was a bad night last night.
And got a raw chest and that.
No, I have n't.
got.
I told you the films did n't I, er earlier?
Or Eas er, Eas fro, who is it on?
Eastwood.
It is Eastwood.
What?
That's the Eas Eastwood one.
Thunderbolt something What's it called?
What time is that?
Yeah.
No.
Well there's Dad's Army at eight.
In er.
Who's he?
Can if you want.
We can have it.
It's been on several days recently.
Eve, would you say you were going somewhere?
Cos I want.
Oh.
Squinty eye there.
Look at his nose!
There's Andrew look.
today bit fatuous It's rare for a wife to go on holiday with a male friend.
I should n't have thought it possible.
a male there.
Ah yeah.
Did they sew them back?
Oh yeah.
I drank it.
I dunno.
Well he he'd got a, and if I'd got to do it you know, another day, his er perhaps start and er i, well you know when he came for a meal and saw all that?
He said then I've got a lot of tapes you know, says sit in here.
and do them all, pick out what you want.
Or.
all of them, you know.
And er then er.
Oh!
What's this in aid of?
Yeah, it will.
Yeah.
I should n't think so.
That's why I wanted to start them so I gave them back to him.
Cos, they're at risk.
while you've got them anyway.
I know, but you might fall over them, drop one.
But er anywa, the there's about another thirty seconds on the tape, what would you do?
Yeah.
int it?

Well you could n't have anybody more careful than me could you?
Well do do n't look as if they've been used does it?
Perhaps they do n't like er.
Yeah.
Got a bit of dust on.
there.
The needle's picking the dust up.
Yeah.
Now we've got ta see what we got on there.
Look, we got that bit there.
Yeah.
Er.
Which one?
Which one, market research?
Oh yeah.
So she wants some music does she?
What are you doing with it then?
You started it!
What you doing?
I thought they were helping you to do that.
Yeah well how do you do this?
Could n't you have left well alone!
Got a good selection have n't they?
They, they are very good they are.
Do you hear that.
Yeah.
And I wanted, I wanted Conways.
Mm.
I wish I could er well do n't, do n't you know, that's a record case there!
What when people walk in dirt?
And you go out and you ca That's finished anyway.
I can do, I think, stop it.
Two, four two or four I should think.
This one here, I think that's been play, that's been played on.
See how it goes.
They are.
What's that?
Baker Conway, he's is a we wanted one of his things.
I think he went on a liner.
And then.
and erm one of them lost th use of his fingers.
It was n't when they.
Probably was.
I wish I'd have carried on with piano lessons.
But then we used to se.
Then we used to sniff, you know, and Mrs come and knocked on the front door says er, our house is asleep do you mind not playing, you know.
Cos er there were only four and a half inch divide in brick walls.
So I mean not double.
These er, these mi might be the same, but you ca n't expect to have to stop sound going through a four and a half inch wall can you?
Mm.
Well, you got good neighbours then, that's all I can say.
She came and knocked on the door and then we went back and I, I said what you stopped for?
I says er, so I said, started playing ten minutes, she could n't have got up the stairs and were back again!
Asking us to stop.
So that was it.
That ended the first on my piano.
I mean, you ca n't practise piano if people next door complain can you?
Can you?
I mean er.
Well, you know when I used to come to you walk across cos of the trams, Christmas day, all down Argyle Street every a a ev, they were bulging you know!
But sometimes the door was open and they'd do it all out the front doors like this a and fresh, fresh people trying to get in.
And th the pianos were going full blast!
Well.
well must have been different neighbours to my day!
A.
The tape's still running.
It's about finished now.
This is.
Sh shall I put another tape in for the rest of it?
You might have got it ready for me!
Well, still have n't got it.
These have been undone though have n't they?
Well there's no wrapping.
But I mean there's two at the back with individual wrappers.
Look!

How much of these two do I.
want to do?
There's nothing on the.
How much do you have?
Do you wish you could go back to the good old days?
You do n't?
Why?
The wa.
The way you carried your shoes in a brown paper bag and when you were at ours.
When you.
when you were going out and the had stopped and all the girls had a you know, the ordinary paper bag with a got their shoes in there.
They never change their shoes though now.
do they?
Yeah.
True.
Mm.
Oh!
I was always annoyed though, Phil and George were magnificent dancers and the chap I used to walk out with sometimes he er he'd he he used say now that I look like this!
He used to dance like that.
Behind his back, like this.
He was n't, I was n't in it, you know, something like that.
I could do park parade tha, a girl was, er er anywa, I went in the factory and one of the girls says they were saying about a dance, says ooh I quite a few you ought to see him dance the park parade!
Course, I'd been to Cecille's, half a crown for an hour.
Every Saturday.
Did you?
And er she walked on front of there were twenty of us in two rows.
she walked on front doing the steps.
and she says I'm going to walk wi, with my back so I'm going to listen says, ooh!
There's one there he he missed the step.
And I said, it was m, I was called out you know a pa, a partner like I said it was Lesley!
But he said no, no, no!
Oh!
And then.
in Rushden I er see to all the girls dancing, you know, like a like you, when you were young.
And I went, would she take, he says yes er half, I say, half a crown er a, for half an hour every Friday.
But er I dunno er some other pe they, I always felt such a fool, you know!
And they were looking at me and I thought this int my cup of tea!
Well that's what they want to hear.
The rain in spain felt mainly on the rain!
Mainly on the plane.
The plane.
Well that's er I keep getting that.
Well I keep getting up.
This is a bit boring, you know, sort of jumping.
Where did you start dancing?
Did you go to any church dances?
We went to St.
Pace I think it was and er i.
No.
That church near you, er the Imperial up Spinney Park that way.
Anyway, er there was er the floor was six inch three inch floor boards and they'd been danced and da.
and the nuts, yeah.
they used to go out sprin and the nuts'd come above the wood.
You know.
And they used to sprinkle some fresh.
chalk all over.
Yeah!
Been trying everywhere to get one did n't we?
Beats all the re rock and roll do n't it, really?
Yes.
Modern, yeah.
Di, was Madge a good dancer?
What about Kathleen?
Yes but.
No.
Down there.
I can read without them.
I do n't really need them.
Well only, look here!
You say that, look at that, can you see anything in there between the two?
No.
You got ta see the two dish the space in between.
Whe where?
But, there's a all you can see is a little bright spot.
well that ai n't the space.
If you tilt it like, can just see it in her mouth, sixteenth between the two.
Yeah, it means there's ha, it's played half, another half to go.
Oh I do n't want anything more.
I could do.
No, it's I've had enough cake.
Oh.
I'll have one tomorrow, I I've look if you're full, you're full!
You do n't want an obese.
you do n't want an obese husband do you?
Well that's what I thought.
Trousers are.
my trousers are getting too tight!
Mm.
Mm.
Yeah.
Yes.
Get rid of my cough cos it.
it's a dry cough int it?
Do you want me to meet you tomorrow or anything?
What about.
all the library books?
Did you want me to meet you or anything?
Will you ha will you have some?
Well you so are you!
If you get it on there.
I should have had a.
wash your hands.
Bring me a hot towel and a!
Do n't go down the mine.
daddy!
Do n't go down tonight.

Used to be a tearjerker.
Then it was the boy stood on the burning decks.
That was another one.
Mm.
Mm.
It's got to be got rid of I suppose int it?
Unless we put it out for the cat.
There were two cock blackbirds this morning.
I think that's putting it mildly!
You remember in France, the er they made you where we kept walking round the table and er she sa, anyway said er fish soup?
And you said yes.
And he turned to me I said not likely!
She says, why?
I said cos it's smells the place!
He he er, he he got a bit humpy!
Well that's no.
Mm.
What was your favourite?
Mm.
It still is then, I suppose, by that.
What was, means the past but is, means the present.
What, and I were brought up in church?
How did they expect them to talk down there?
We used to say are you gorrit?
You do n't, you do n't hear that now do you?
Do you?
Well it soon be spring now, I suppose.
Operation dig up!
Mm.
They're a bit hesitant at the moment.
No.
That's more gen gentle innit?
Well i i li.
what you win at darts at the fair int it?
Well no, well he said that but.
Yeah.
Somebody else'll have it ti, ten years time.
What does Bill do now, these days, do you reckon then?
Has he found any, no yours er Martin's then.
He did n't seem to.
That's not much of an allotment now is it though?
I think the garden is old.
Mm.
I wonder what George's garden like?
Mm.
Yeah.
Mm.
Oh yeah.
Did n't he have a railway running a model.
railway?
A ste, little steam loco?
He did n't bother.
Mm.
Yeah.
and I bi, you know that big loft I helped get the, get the la big lathe he bought from the.
firm.
Well he'd got a, the little marker, th well about two and a half feet marker.
I says, er do n't you use that now?
He said, no.
I said, you ever thought of selling it?
He says, well no, not really.
He says I'll er do it up I think an, what he did he painted it you see.
Well we went over two or three weeks later and happened to mention it he wanted two hundred pound for it!
Well no it's he did n't give two hundred pound for it, and he'd had it eight or ten years.
Anyway, I've no use to.
Yes.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
Did he.
Yeah.
Will he marry again?
Old Kath said he did did n't she?
And I, and Ma, and I was saying about Ma, you know, Ma, happened to say Madge, you know, and er er, you know we said that th, that I were n't going out.
And he says, oh well er something now, I forget, what was it?
Oh he said, she, she.
I should think she's being very ge ge er er, er given her a lot yo yo you know.
Wha what he's done and what, you know.
And I nearly said, but I did n't, I I I could have said, well, look what she got er out of her her husband.
You know, those.
You know, she never mentioned that, yet she mentioned what Vince were doing now.
I mean, fair's fair int it?
Still.
Up and down with.
Yeah.
Never fussed over me when I've been in her vicinity!
